High Availability for Pets and Hypervisors - State of The Nation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

By now, high availability for the OpenStack control plane is well understood, and to a large extent a solved problem which the community continues to refine. In stark contrast, most solutions for compute node HA (i.e. where VMs are automatically restarted on a different compute node if there is a failure in the hypervisor or its underlying hardware) are still either relatively young, or experimental, or in the design phase.  This is despite the high demand for this feature, which calls into question the older belief held by some that OpenStack should only accommodate "cattle" VMs which have resilience built in at the application layer. Since Tokyo, the OpenStack HA community and Product Working Group have been collaborating towards a unified upstream solution.  In this talk which follows on from the similarly named Austin talk, community members from Intel, NTT and SUSE summarise the status quo of the existing technology, future plans, and how anyone interested can get involved.


* **Adam Spiers** *(Adam Spiers is a Senior Software Engineer at SUSE, focusing on OpenStack, Pacemaker, Chef and Crowbar.  He was architectural lead for the projects to make SUSE OpenStack Cloud capable of deploying highly available control and compute planes, and helped SUSE win the Ruler Of The Stack competitions at the OpenStack summits in Vancouver and Paris.  He set up the #openstack-ha IRC channel and also the weekly HA community IRC meetings, which he currently chairs. Adam has been a passionate supporter and developer of F/OSS since 1995, with a particular interest in automation and orchestration.  For the last 13 years his professional focus has been on Linux-oriented enterprise technologies in the data center. He holds a degree in Mathematics and Computation from Oxford University, and currently lives and works in London, UK. Adam juggles his IT career with a long-running parallel career as a musician, a (less successful) pre-occupation with marathons and triathlons, and occasionally also juggles balls, clubs, and fire.)*

* **Dawid Deja** *(Dawid Deja is a software engineer at Intel, focusing on OpenStack high availability and Pacemaker. For about a year he was working on resolving pet vs cattle problems by providing and testing mechanisms that would be able to automatically resurrect lost instances. Additionally he was involved in detecting noisy neighbours VMs and have general interest in distributed systems topics. Dawid has an engineering degree in IT from Gdańsk University of Technology in Poland, where he currently lives. In his free time, he transforms into board game geek, spending all evening around the table.)*

* **Sampath priyankara** *(Sampath serves as a Software Engineer at NTT SIC. Before he joined NTT in 2013, he engaged in research on wireless sensor networks, embaded system development, and active contributer to ns-2 (The Network Simulator). In NTT, he focuses on openstack based cloud system development and worked with cinder, glance, and nova projects in openstack.)*
