The Meaning of Life: An Ironic Story of a Bare Metal Node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In the OpenStack world, where automation is key, the instantiation of the underlying hardware nodes becomes critical to the operation and growth of the cloud environment. Enter Project Ironic. The goal of Project Ironic is to perform full life cycle management of these supporting infrastructure nodes, from enrollment to deployment to decommissioning, taking care of everything along the way. This talk will discuss the various states that these nodes will transition through, what they mean and what improvements we can look for in the the future in regards to state reporting. Once we have covered the project from a theoretical perspective, we will transition into how Project Ironic is used in practice today. We'll look at what happens behind the scenes when there's a request to provision a node including interactions with other OpenStack projects such as Neutron and Glance. The talk will conclude covering some of the more common issues that can occur and how to troubleshoot them.


* **Raviv Bar-Tal** *(Raviv has multiple years of experience in enterprise environments and complex hardware solutions, primarily in the telecom industry. While working in this industry, Raviv witnessed the rise of enterprise virtualization and experienced the growth and evolution of running Linux on a single virtual machine to what we have today, full scale clouds containing thousands of virtual machines running many different operating systems.Today Raviv works as a Quality Engineer at RedHat with a special focus on the Ironic project.  Raviv is involved in the verification of new Request For Enhancements, executing automated as well as manual testing of Ironic features and functionality.)*

* **Darin Sorrentino** *(Darin has over 18 years of IT experience, wearing various hats over the years ranging from application development to database administrator to system administrator to enterprise architect.  It is his experience in such broad categories that allows him to help others in understanding and utilizing cloud platforms such as OpenStack to effectively deliver solutions that make sense.  Darin is currently working as an OpenStack Senior Solutions Architect on the Red Hat OpenStack Tiger Team assisting in Proof of Concept deployments, technical deep dives and assistance with problem resolution.  Prior to working at Red Hat, Darin's previous OpenStack experience was helping a value added reseller (VAR) devise a cloud strategy to deliver for government agencies and prior to that, working for Mirantis.)*
