Cluster Run: Resource Pool Operations Made Easy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

When using an OpenStack Cloud, users often need an extensible, flexible tool to manage resources (such as Nova servers, Heat stacks, Bare-metal servers, or Containers that comprise an application workload) as collections rather than individually. Operators often deploy telemetry toolkits to monitor the status of their resource pools. When certain pre-defined alarms triggered, operations are performed automatically or manually to remediate such situations. Operations concerning a cluster (group of resources) include the creation and updating of nova servers, provisioning or upgrading of software on specific nodes, detection and recovery of node failures, resizing the cluster based on certain measurements etc. The Senlin service fills this gap by providing a framework and APIs for users to execute custom actions on subsets of nodes or the whole cluster--like running operations by specific node types, executing shell scripts on specific nodes, or even running Ansible playbooks directly.


* **Xinhui Li** *(Xinhui Li is a Staff Engineer, development lead at VMware and a core of Senlin project. Her work focuses on design and optimization of distributed systems, mostly in the Cloud computing and big data fields. She has 13 international patents, published 3 technical documents, and 5 papers on international PIC top/target academy journal and conferences.  )*

* **Qiming Teng** *(Qiming Teng is a researcher working at the Cloud Infrastructure and Service department, IBM China Research Lab (CRL). His research interests include system software, virtualization, cloud, Java resource management, performance profiling tools. Starting from early 2013, Qiming has been researching topics related to high availability, auto-scaling of virtual machines, applications in a cloud environment. His focus is on the Heat and the Senlin project in the OpenStack community. Before Joining IBM, Qiming Teng received a Ph.D. in computer science from Peking University in 2006.)*

* **Mark Voelker** *(Mark Voelker is currently the OpenStack Architect with VMware, but generally prefers to think of himself as a breadth-first technologist. In past lives he has worked as a software engineer, engineering manager, and architect designing web applications, automation systems, mobile apps, traffic generators, and more weasely hacks than he can shake a stick at. He also helped design and support the infrastructure supporting his software, including LANs, award-winning SANs, load balancing, and servers. Mark currently works on enterprise cloud architecture, software defined networking, and distributed systems. He's been enamoured of Open Source approximately since his first exposure to the Internet, helped found Cisco's Open Source Conference and was part of the OpenStack@Cisco team before joining VMware in 2014 where he leads architecture for the VMware Integrated OpenStack R&D team. Mark has been active in the OpenStack community since 2011 when he attended the Diablo Design Summit and has been an attendee and/or speaker at every Summit since.  He is OpenStack Foundation member #54 and owns enough OpenStack t-shirts that he can go long stretches without doing laundry.  Mark co-founded the Triangle OpenStack Meetup in Research Triangle Park, NC in 2013 and currently leads the group's 830+ members.  As an application developer and infrastructure afficionado, Mark is concerned with interoperability of cloud platforms and is the co-chair of the DefCore Committee.  He is also a former core reviewer on the Puppet OpenStack project.  He has a habit of including vacation photos and Douglas Adams quotes in his presentations and his time can generally be bought with a sufficient quantity of doughnuts. When not holed up within the trail-photo covered walls of his workspace at home near Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, Mark can be found hiking, camping, backpacking, or making sawdust with extreme prejudice. Mark is a proud alumni of the Park Scholarships at NC State University and currently serves as a Regional Selection Leader for the scholarship. You can also find him on Twitter, LinkedIn, SlideShare, or at his occasional blog.)*
