Masakari 2.0: Upstream Solution for Instance High Availability
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Masakari is an open source project to provide Virtual Machine High Availability (VMHA) service for OpenStack. It can recovering the Virtual Machine (VM) s from failure events such as host failure, VM process failure, and provisioning process failure. Masakari 1.0 born on github with task engine and 3 failure monitors. To enhance the operability and extensibility, Masakari 2.0 provides API service for operation and enhanced and extensible recovery engine for customizable recovery patterns. Current Masakari live in the Openstack code namespace and follow the “Openstack way”. Masakari community working with Product Working Group and Openstack HA community for satisfy the requirements of User Story: High Availability for Virtual Machines user. This presentation will cover design and architecture of Masakari 2.0 and live demo of its new features. We will also discuss the use cases, operation strategies and our TODO which includes the collaboration with Mistral, Monasca, and Congress.


* **Sampath priyankara** *(Sampath serves as a Software Engineer at NTT SIC. Before he joined NTT in 2013, he engaged in research on wireless sensor networks, embaded system development, and active contributer to ns-2 (The Network Simulator). In NTT, he focuses on openstack based cloud system development and worked with cinder, glance, and nova projects in openstack.)*

* **Toshikazu Ichikawa** *(Toshikazu Ichikawa is a Senior Manager of Cloud Services, NTT Communications Corporation in Tokyo, Japan. He manages the team in charge of virtual server service development and operation, which consists of ECL2.0 public cloud using OpenStack. Prior to this job, he was a Senior Research Engineer for NTT Software Innovation Center of NTT Corporation in Tokyo, Japan. He led a OpenStack development team in charge of  community upstream activities to develop the cloud infrastructure system using OpenStack for NTT Group companies for two years. He was a Sr. Manager of Japan Business Development and Architecture for Verio Inc., which is a subsidiary of NTT America, in Utah, U.S.A.. He worked for the design and development of public cloud service named cloudn and the business development of managed hosting services from 2011 to 2014. He also has a research engineer backgroud at NTT Sharing Platform Laboratories of NTT Corporation. He worked for the research and development of the system including cloud computing and distributed storage system for 10 years.)*

* **masahito muroi** *(Masahito Muroi is a software enginer in NTT. He is now working as a cloud architect for NTT's public/private cloud, and also working as a core developer of OpenStack Congress Project and Masakari. He's started to join OpenStack Community and develop NTT's cloud with OpenStack since Diablo release.)*
