Cross Release Themes: Update
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Scalability, Resiliency, Modularity, Interoperability, Manageability, User Experience and Security - these are the themes that the OpenStack community is using to help guide the project teams as they deliver on the roadmap. In this session members of the Product Working Group will discuss how these themes are defined and used. And, more importantly give you an opportunity to provide feedback on the areas that you think are most important for the teams to focus on. 


* **Pete Chadwick** *(Pete Chadwick is senior product manager of Cloud Infrastructure solutions for SUSE. Chadwick has more than 20 years of experience at global technology organizations such as IBM, US Robotics, 3Com and Novell. At SUSE, his responsibilities include comprehensive market and business analysis required to deliver go-to-market strategies for one of SUSE’s priority business areas – cloud. Chadwick is responsible for bringing SUSE Linux Enterprise Server to Amazon EC2. Most recently he championed the company’s work with and significant contributions to OpenStack, an open source cloud computing project.  He is a member of the OpenStack Product and Enterprise Working Groups and  has presented at the OpenStack Summit and at many industry events including Gartner Data Center, LinuxCon, CloudOpen, Brainshare, SUSEcon, Open Source Business Conference and Cloud Computing Expo. He is a published author including the 2012 Forbes article “Why Cloud Computing Needs To – And Will – Go Open Source”.)*

* **arkady kanevsky** *(Arkady has been a member of OpenStack since Grizzly. He is director of engineering leading a team of developers responsible for development of Dell OpenStack solutions.  Arkady has PhD. in CS from UIUC.  He straddled academic, research, architect, developer, and product owner roles.  Arkady roles included  but not limited to, research publications and Program committee member for various conferences like FAST (https://www.usenix.org/legacy/events/fast11/organizers.html), Chair or board member  of several standard activities, like DAT (http://www.datcollaborative.org),  OpenFabric (https://www.openfabrics.org/index.php) and MPI-RT (http://www.cse.msstate.edu/~yogi/dandass-mpirt-2004.pdf) to product delivery, like EMC Atmos, Dell OpenStack solutions among others.   Arkady is passionate advocate of OpenStack and making its usage easier for users and administrators. He concentrates efforts of his team on extending OpenStack capabilities for enterprise use cases, from automatic deployment, and robustness, to HA, upgrade, extensibility and validation.)*
