Cinder-Nova API Interactions: The New Century
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Nova and Cinder both belong to the core components of OpenStack and they are working and evolving closely together. Since the two modules are tightly coupled today, it highly affects both the interaction between their APIs and the possibilities to further enhance the features they can offer. The two teams started to work together on introducing some changes in order to improve the cooperation between the APIs and the coordination of the developers.During this panel we will discuss the shortcomings of the current architecture and interaction model between the two modules. We will highlight the upcoming changes in the Cinder API that will allow this component to be more standalone, while providing the avenue to introduce new functionality more easily. The panellists will also talk about the challenges in driving the changes between two large projects, and share the experiences of cross-project collaboration.


* **Ildiko Vancsa** *(Ildikó is coordinating the OpenStack related activities within Ericsson and also engaged in the OPNFV community. Beyond this she is a software developer working in the O&M area of cloud development. She has been contributing to OpenStack since November 2013, her main focus area is Ceilometer, but she is contributing to other projects too, like OpenStack Manuals, Nova or Oslo. She joined to the core team of Ceilometer in March 2014. Before Ericsson Ildikó worked for OptXware Research and Development Ltd. focusing on O&M, system management and virtualization areas.)*

* **Matt Riedemann** *(Matt Riedemann has been with IBM for over 10 years.  He started working on build tools and frameworks to spending 5 years working in the Update Manager component of IBM Systems Director. Matt has worked on OpenStack for over 2 years and is part of one of the earliest teams in IBM to be involved with contributing to the OpenStack community.  He has experience with continuous integration/build/packaging systems for OpenStack, is a top contributor to OpenStack from IBM and is a core reviewer in multiple projects. Matt is also the Nova project technical lead (PTL) for the Newton release.)*

* **John Griffith** *(John Griffith, Principal Software Engineer at SolidFire, helped to create the Cinder project in OpenStack.  His primary responsibility at SolidFire is technical contributor to OpenStack and Open Source technologies.  He served as Technical Lead for the Block Storage Project since it's beginning through the Juno release, and also has held an elected seat on the OpenStack Technical Committee on and off over the past four years. John has over fifteen years of engineering experience in both hardware and software engineering.  He’s been an active user and contributor to open source for close to a decade, and has been focused on OpenStack since January of 2011. In addition to his technical contributions, John also spends a lot of his time talking to people who are interested in learning about OpenStack as well as gathering feedback from current users.)*

* **Walter A. Boring IV** *(Walt is a software engineer at Hewlett-Packard currently working in the Management and Solutions Development Unit focusing on storage systems enablement.   He has been working at Hewlett-Packard since 2007.  Since 2012, he has been working on OpenStack for HP enabling several of HP’s storage systems.  He became a core member of the OpenStack Cinder team in 2013 after co-authoring the Fibre Channel protocol support in OpenStack’s Nova and Cinder projects.    He codeveloped the 3PAR iSCSI and FibreChannel drivers for OpenStack Cinder as well as helped develop the Cinder Fibre Channel Zone Manager. Also created the os-brick shared library that's used by Cinder and Nova to manage discovery and removal of volumes from a host as part of the attach and detach process for OpenStack.)*

* **Scott DAngelo** *(Scott DAngelo is a Senior Software engineer at Hewlett-Packard Enterprise who works as a developer on Helion OpenStack Cinder. He is a member of the Cinder core team and works on the core Cinder code, Cinder testing, and Cinder-Nova API interactions. He has been with HP since 2007 and has worked on OpenStack since 2012.)*
