Monasca: One year later
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Monasca was accepted into the OpenStack Big Tent about a year ago and has come a long way and is under rapid development. It is the OpenStack Monitoring as a Service (MONaaS) project with a focus on metrics and log management. This session will provide an update and overview on the current state of the project including the following. Exciting new features that have been added: Deterministic alarms Non-periodic notifications Alarms on logs, correlation of metrics and logs OVS vSwitch monitoring Major new areas of development such as: Monasca Log API Monasca Transform and Aggregation Engine Monasca Analytics. Updates on the project including: Integrations with other OpenStack projects including Heat, Ceilometer and Congress. Integrations with third-party projects such as Grafana, ELK and others. Community involvement and ecosystem. Active deployments and companies/organizations that are using Monasca in their distributions and products. What's next for Monasca?


* **Roland Hochmuth** *(Roland Hochmuth is a software architect, developer and evangelist at Hewlett Packard Enterprise and the Project Technical Lead (PTL) for the open-source OpenStack Monitoring-as-a-Service Monasca project. His current focus is on architecture, development and helping to lead the team that develops a highly performant, scalable and reliable turn-key monitoring and logging solution that leverages the industries newest trends and innovations around near real-time stream processing systems, analytics and big data, such as Apache Kafka, Apache Storm, Apache Spark, HPE Vertica and others. Prior to working on Monasca, he was an architect, developer and tech lead on the metrics processing pipeline for HP's Public Cloud. From roughly 2009-2012, he was an architect and tech lead on WebOS on the PC. From 2002-2009 he was a founder, architect, developer and tech lead on the highly successful remote desktop visualization product Remote Graphics Software (RGS), which served as the foundation for launching two products within HP, HP Workstation Blades and HP Halo Videoconferencing. In the early 2000's he worked on HP's e-utilica solution, which was a predecessor for cloud computing. From 1990-2000, he worked on 3-D graphics geometry processing, rasterization, and NURBS surface tessellation algorithms. Roland has experience in a number of software disciplines and domains ranging from 3-D computer graphics, remote desktop visualization, cloud computing and monitoring. He has a history of innovation and leading successful products and teams. He has around sixty to seventy patents and patent applications and frequently presents at conferences. In his free time he studies statistics and Deep Learning.)*

* **Shinya Kawabata** *(I have started openstack contribution activity in September 2015. My most interested area is Monasca and especially UI. Recently I'm working to support cassandra as metric data store.)*

* **Witek Bedyk** *(Witek Bedyk is senior software developer at Fujitsu EST for cloud management software. His current focus is on OpenStack Monitoring Service (Monasca).)*
