OpenStack is not orphan any more: scheduling and networking among OpenStacks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The Tricircle provides an OpenStack APIs gateway and networking automation to allow multiple OpenStack instances runnning in one site or multiple sites or in hybrid cloud to act as a single OpenStack cloud.  With the help of the Tricircle, OpenStack instance is no need run as an orphan in your large scale or multisite cloud. There are exciting features developed in Newton release like: dynamic OpenStack scheduling and binding with the tenant when there are multiple bottom OpenStack instances under the Tricircle; strech the L2 network from one OpenStack instance to another one so that the tenant's virtual machines can be plugged into same L2 network, this is a quite critical feature in cloud capacity expansion if one OpenStack instance reaches the capacity limit, and also benefit the tenant level east-west traffic through L3 networking across multiple OpenStack instances. This session will provides details of the design and implementation of such innovative features.


* **Chaoyi Huang** *(Principal architect of Huawei FusionSphere (OpenStack based Cloud OS).  The initial and current PTL of the Tricircle project ( https://github.com/openstack/tricircle ) for distributed multi-site cloud and  large scale cloud. The initial and current PTL and key committer of OPNFV multisite project: https://wiki.opnfv.org/multisite The initiator, founder and core reviewer of OpenStack Kingbird project ( https://launchpad.net/kingbird, https://github.com/openstack/kingbird ) The key system architect for one tier 1 Europe operator's cloud, which is OpenStack based, covers up to multiple geographically distributed data centers, and can also integrate AWS into the cloud. He has worked in software area over 10 years from in-memory customized database to cloud computing.)*

* **Shinobu Kinjo** *(Current Working At Red Hat as Support Engineer for the OpenStack, the Ceph Storage Cluster Before Working At OIST as IT pricinple. Fields: HPC Storage Filesystem: Lustre, GPFS, Ceph, NFS Networking: Ethernet(L4, L3, L2, L1), IB Core System (DNS, Authenticatin, Email, Etc) Automation System such a KVM, Puppet, Cobbler VoIP infrastructure SAN L2 VPN infrastructure Programming for Computation C++, C Other IT Facility such a Data Centre, Etc Pretty much Everything!!)*

* **Zhiyuan Cai** *(Join Huawei in April 2014. Mainly focus on Huawei public cloud maintenance and operations, and OpenStack community contribution, used to work in project like Neutron, Keystone and OpenStack Client. Now pay more effort on Tricircle, which is the project for cascading solution, and Kingbird, a newly started project for multi-site management. Recently working with engineers from NEC together to run a demo which utilizes the cascading solution to deploy web services with a database cluster backend across China and Japan.)*
