Creating a Big Tent in OpenStack - Sponsored by the Diversity  > Taskforce OpenStack (WOO)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

  Abstract:  OpenStack is a diverse and large project that spans multiple areas and sub-projects.  It is made up of multiple companies and communities working together to create better private and hybrid clouds.  Following up on the themes related to gender equality presented at previous Summit talks sponsored by The Women of OpenStack working group, this session will focus on how to expand the tent to include all and how it benefits the OpenStack community. This talk will include a panel of diverse people from across the project who will discuss tactics and steps we can take today to make it more inclusive.  Second, they will discuss the benefits to the community and project from a diverse community.  This talk will also cover all of the resources and workgroups available in the Big Tent of Openstack for new stackers, under represented people and those looking to get involved.


* **Michael Schulz** *(Michael has been in and around Open Source software since the early 90's when he first got introduced to Linux in 1993. He's held various positions at Compaq, HP, IBM, Microsoft where he travelled the world to spread the love for open source software, launched new products to help companies deliver IT services to their users better and faster, and is now back at Hewlett Packard Enterprise where he's helping customers understand the best use cases and technologies within HPE's Helion Cloud portfolio.     )*

* **Egle Sigler** *(Egle Sigler is a principal architect on Rackspace's OpenStack Private Cloud team and an OpenStack Foundation board member. As part of the board, Egle is co-chair of the DefCore committee and the Diversity Working Group. Egle has co-authored two books, DevOps for VMware Administrators and OpenStack Cloud Computing Cookbook. Egle wants OpenStack to be regarded as one of the most successful open source projects, with a great community to back it. During the past year, Egle has been co-chair of DefCore committee, where she has seen that the impact DefCore has on OpenStack is crucial. Interoperability is one of the top OpenStack priorities, and she  continues leading the efforts to increase it. Egle is also a co-chair for the Diversity Working Group. OpenStack community is growing in size every day. It is the goal of the Diversity WG to not only increase the diversity in our community, but also to make sure that this diversity is reflected in total participation.    )*

* **Kavit Munshi** *(Kavit is the CTO of Aptira, heads Aptira's Indian operations and has 15 years of experience in designing and deploying Enterprise and Telco solutions.   He is also the founder of the Indian OpenStack User Group and the OpenStack Ambassador for the region. Kavit is also an Individual Director member of the OpenStack Board of Directors.   Kavit has been a driving force behind the Indian OpenStack community and has interwoven  this into Aptira's deep involvement with OpenStack. He has helped organise numerous OpenStack events in India and loves to work with students driving their involvement with OpenStack. As an active OpenStack Ambassador his priorities are to help the OpenStack Community grow in South Asia by increasing the engagement of the burgeoning OpenSource community in academia with the OpenStack project. Kavit also realises the importance of startups to innovation and always looks to promote OpenStack in that space. Kavit has a vision for India as a Centre of Innovation to develop and commercialise intellectual property rather than an offshoring destination. Kavit has been mentoring students and young entrepreneurs to that end.)*

* **Nithya Ruff** *(Nithya A. Ruff is the Head of SanDisk’s Open Source Strategy Office. She first glimpsed the power of open source while at SGI in the 90s and has been building bridges between hardware developers and the open source community ever since.     Nithya has been an advocate and a speaker for opening doors to new people in open source and promoting diverse ways of contributing such as in marketing, legal and community. She’s also held leadership positions at Wind River, Synopsys, Avaya, Cranite, Tripwire and Eastman Kodak.   Nithya has been a speaker at OpenStack Tokyo, Openstack Austin and at other open source events such as OSCON, Linux Con North America and Europe and All Things Open.  She is a leader in the Women of OpenStack (WOO) group and a lisaon to the OpenStack Foundation for the WOO.  Nithya is also is the President of SanDisk’s Women’s Innovation Network or WIN dedicated to the development of women’s highest potential in the work place. Nithya graduated with an MS in Computer Science from NDSU and an MBA from the University of Rochester, Simon Business School.  She lives in the bay area and is a proud mother of two daughters.  )*
