Ambassador Community Report
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Meet with the ambassadors on this session where they will introduce the improvements of the last half year and share their feelings and experience about the community. If you are a user group organizer you must be there, and feel free to share your thoughts and feelings with us! OpenStack Ambassadors connect the user groups to the Foundation. They help initialize the groups and guide them to grow. Ambassadors launch some actions during the last release cycle:- OpenStack community report- Status update on official groups- What is the size of the community - Global and regional trends - Introduce new groups, leaders- Updates on speaker bureau- Recommended practices for starting and running communities- Process- Updates on user groups since Austin- Groups portal - Overview - Results- Welcome pack and OpenStack shop- Q&A


* **Kavit Munshi** *(Kavit is the CTO of Aptira, heads Aptira's Indian operations and has 15 years of experience in designing and deploying Enterprise and Telco solutions.   He is also the founder of the Indian OpenStack User Group and the OpenStack Ambassador for the region. Kavit is also an Individual Director member of the OpenStack Board of Directors.   Kavit has been a driving force behind the Indian OpenStack community and has interwoven  this into Aptira's deep involvement with OpenStack. He has helped organise numerous OpenStack events in India and loves to work with students driving their involvement with OpenStack. As an active OpenStack Ambassador his priorities are to help the OpenStack Community grow in South Asia by increasing the engagement of the burgeoning OpenSource community in academia with the OpenStack project. Kavit also realises the importance of startups to innovation and always looks to promote OpenStack in that space. Kavit has a vision for India as a Centre of Innovation to develop and commercialise intellectual property rather than an offshoring destination. Kavit has been mentoring students and young entrepreneurs to that end.)*

* **Jaesuk Ahn** *(Jaesuk Ahn have received the M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from University of Texas at Austin, in 2004 and 2009, respectively, all in Software Engineering. Upon the graduation, he joined Korea Telecom from Sept. 2009, where he started to work on Open Source Cloud Technologies, especially on OpenStack Project. he had led a development team to architect, develop, and deploy opoenstack-based cloud platform for KT's internal private cloud till 2014. He joined a venture company called cloud4u at 2014 working at developing cloud tool chain to design, orechestrate, provision, monitor systems on cloud environment. He also worked as a main architect to develop open paas platform for the government. He is currently working at SK Telecom on the research project related to Software Defined Data Center as well as production openstack deployment.   He has also been involved in openstack community from early stage. he founded OpenStack Korea User group at 2011, since then, he has been doing various activities to promote open source technologies in Korea. )*

* **Marton Kiss** *(OpenStack Ambassador, founder of Hungarian OpenStack user group, co-organizer of OpenStack CEE Day event and active contributor of multiple OpenStack projects. Marton have a background in the telecommunication sector, he was a CTO for a Telenor owned company and managed the operation and development areas in Central Europe and Asia. Actually he is working at Aptira as a GM for the EU region.)*

* **Akihiro Hasegawa** *(He is a board member of Japan OpenStack User Group and a chairman / founder of OpenStack Days Tokyo. His mission is to provide the elastic and secure cloud infrastructure with Hybrid cloud technologies to the market. He is working with OpenStack project since 2011. He also is one of the member of OpenStack Ambassador and contributing the Asian OpenStack User Group development as an ambassador.)*

* **Erwan Gallen** *(Erwan is the President of OpenStack-Fr association, he is Ambassador of the OpenStack fondation and helps to promote the OpenStack project. As CTO of a web media group he has built high traffic platforms based on open source technologies, he has developed and created the biggest social media created in France. Erwan was Release Manager of the first french public Cloud provider based on OpenStack. Erwan is currently OpenStack Specialist Architect in Red Hat for EMEA region.)*
