Creating a Big Tent in OpenStack - Sponsored by the Women of OpenStack (WOO)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

  Abstract:  OpenStack is a diverse and large project that spans multiple areas and sub-projects.  It is made up of multiple companies and communities working together to create better private and hybrid clouds.  Following up on the themes related to gender equality presented at previous Summit talks sponsored by The Women of OpenStack working group, this session will focus on how to expand the tent to include all and how it benefits the OpenStack community. This talk will include a panel of diverse people from across the project who will discuss tactics and steps we can take today to make it more inclusive.  Second, they will discuss the benefits to the community and project from a diverse community.  This talk will also cover all of the resources and workgroups available in the Big Tent of Openstack for new stackers, under represented people and those looking to get involved.


* **Michael Schulz** *(Michael has been in and around Open Source software since the early 90's when he first got introduced to Linux in 1993. He's held various positions at Compaq, HP, IBM, Microsoft where he travelled the world to spread the love for open source software, launched new products to help companies deliver IT services to their users better and faster, and is now back at Hewlett Packard Enterprise where he's helping customers understand the best use cases and technologies within HPE's Helion Cloud portfolio.     )*

* **Egle Sigler** *(Egle Sigler is a principal architect on Rackspace's OpenStack Private Cloud team and an OpenStack Foundation board member. As part of the board, Egle is co-chair of the DefCore committee and the Diversity Working Group. Egle has co-authored two books, DevOps for VMware Administrators and OpenStack Cloud Computing Cookbook. Egle wants OpenStack to be regarded as one of the most successful open source projects, with a great community to back it. During the past year, Egle has been co-chair of DefCore committee, where she has seen that the impact DefCore has on OpenStack is crucial. Interoperability is one of the top OpenStack priorities, and she  continues leading the efforts to increase it. Egle is also a co-chair for the Diversity Working Group. OpenStack community is growing in size every day. It is the goal of the Diversity WG to not only increase the diversity in our community, but also to make sure that this diversity is reflected in total participation.    )*
