Making Meetup Magic: Growing the OpenStack Community Through Local Events
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack Cloud Computing is much more than technology. It’s a community. And our community wasn’t built by accident! Building and growing this amazing group has been a result of the very deliberate efforts of some extremely dedicated people, as well as crucial community tools like GitHub, IRC, Stack Overflow, Google Hangout, and Twitter. Great OpenStack meetups are powerful. They foster a collaborative, inclusive environment, focused on important issues to the developers and users who make OpenStack tick.  In this continuation of a talk that began at OpenStack Summit Austin, hear what’s made four of the leading meetup organizers in the U.S. so successful and how you can translate that success to your local meetups. They’ll cover the logistics of having sponsors as speakers, explore the pros and cons of streaming live meetups, talk about how to diversify our community, and answer all of your burning questions.


* **Gary Kevorkian** *(0 0 1 63 364 Cisco 3 1 426 14.0 Normal 0 false false false EN-US JA X-NONE /* Style Definitions */ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-priority:99; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:12.0pt; font-family:Cambria; mso-ascii-font-family:Cambria; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-hansi-font-family:Cambria; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;} Gary Kevorkian is a 30+ year veteran of the tech industry having worked at a variety of software, hardware, and internet companies. Gary became a part of the OpenStack community when he joined Metacloud (now part of Cisco) in 2013. In addition to serving as key member of the core marketing function driving events and awareness for OpenStack, Gary also leads the OpenStack LA Meetup. You can follow Gary on Twitter @GARY805.  )*

* **Kenneth Hui** *(Kenneth Hui is a Senior Technical Marketing Manager and a Cloud Evangelist at Rackspace. Ken is passionate about helping customers with their Cloud Computing journey and is an official OpenStack Ambassador. Ken blogs about cloud computing, distributed systems, and OpenStack at http://cloudarchitectmusings.com. He lives in New York City where he can indulge in his love of great food from all around the world. You can follow Ken on Twitter @kenhuiny.)*

* **Tassoula Kokkoris** *(Please see Tassoula's speaker bio already loaded in the system)*

* **Lisa-Marie Namphy** *(Lisa-Marie Namphy currently leads the global developer community solutions team focused on OpenStack and open source across HPE. Lisa also organizes the SF Bay OpenStack User Group and personally hosts the bi-weekly meetup onsite at HPE. Lisa has also written 2 books on OpenStack. Lisa brings to HPE more than 20 years of product marketing and technical experience. She has held senior roles at Business Intelligence and Cloud software companies. Lisa has worked at enterprise companies as well as Internet start-ups and other small businesses, providing strategic and tactical support for sales, marketing, and development teams. Lisa is an avid sports fan, loves to play tennis and basketball, and loves wine and dogs. Her hobbies include tutoring kids, teaching viticulture and winemaking, reading literature, and training dogs. @SWDevAngel)*
