Tips & Tricks to Launching an OpenStack Community
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Community groups are a great way to learn about OpenStack! Local OpenStack meetings provide a venue for beginners to get their feet wet and experienced OpenStackers to share insights and thoughts in an open and social atmosphere. This is a chance to learn what's involved and learn from others experience starting up a community group. We'll be going through our experiences and passing along tips and tricks getting a local OpenStack (San Diego) group off the ground. This includes finding compelling content (speakers, demos, and activities) as well as promoting and marketing the group through various channels to draw in an audience. Setting up a small OpenStack lab for a hands-on meetup isn't that tough when you know some secrets. Sponsorships help legitimize a group and fund important things like beer and pizza. Companies can be quick to sponsor when you explain the benefits. We'll also discuss resources that the OpenStack Foundation has available for community groups.


* **John Studarus** *(Mr. Studarus has over twenty years of software product development across finance, high tech, government and healthcare industries. This includes responsibilities for the product direction of large scale cloud based solutions interface with internal and external technical teams, business partners, customer, internal compliance and legal. His background includes software development and product management of cloud and software security products as well operational security and technical risk management and audit responsibilities. For the US federal government, he’s lead development of security dashboards and portals for use within DISA and the US Department of State. In the cloud field, he’s lead software and product management for AT&T, Leidos and Akamai. He brings a rounded knowledge across software and product development, security best practices, compliance and cloud computing.)*
