Creating Innovative Teams by Being an Inclusive Leader - Sponsored by Women of OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This is a continuation of the Male Allies panel we did at Austin.  The name of the panel was: the Diversity of Innovation.  We want to continue this awareness and discussion with a practical talk on how to create inclusive teams.  As communities, projects, companies get more and more diverse, it becomes an important skill for leaders and especially male leaders to understand what it means to be an inclusive leader.  This panel of leaders and diversity advocates will address what it means to be an inclusive leader, how to implement it in everyday situations and share benefits of an inclusive leadership style.    This panel will cover ideas and practical tips for inclusion in teams, projects, companies that you can use the next day.  


* **Mark Muehl** *(  Mark is SVP Platform Technologies for Comcast. His team is responsible for building and running many of the technologies underpinning the products and services that Comcast provides to consumers and businesses. He's the proud father of four and passionate about diversity and inclusion.)*

* **Dorian Naveh** *(Dorian Naveh is a Senior Director in EMC’s Technology Alliances organization and is focused on building EMC’s OpenStack partner ecosystem.  Dorian has successfully led alliance efforts for some of EMC’s most strategic relationships and is now concentrating on enabling 3rd platform opportunities with key emerging partners.  For nearly 20 years, Dorian’s passion has been to address customer requirements through the formation and management of complex, global relationships across a wide array of industries.  )*

* **Nithya Ruff** *(Nithya A. Ruff is the Head of SanDisk’s Open Source Strategy Office. She first glimpsed the power of open source while at SGI in the 90s and has been building bridges between hardware developers and the open source community ever since.     Nithya has been an advocate and a speaker for opening doors to new people in open source and promoting diverse ways of contributing such as in marketing, legal and community. She’s also held leadership positions at Wind River, Synopsys, Avaya, Cranite, Tripwire and Eastman Kodak.   Nithya has been a speaker at OpenStack Tokyo, Openstack Austin and at other open source events such as OSCON, Linux Con North America and Europe and All Things Open.  She is a leader in the Women of OpenStack (WOO) group and a lisaon to the OpenStack Foundation for the WOO.  Nithya is also is the President of SanDisk’s Women’s Innovation Network or WIN dedicated to the development of women’s highest potential in the work place. Nithya graduated with an MS in Computer Science from NDSU and an MBA from the University of Rochester, Simon Business School.  She lives in the bay area and is a proud mother of two daughters.  )*
