Raising the awareness on diversity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Why diversity is important even if you are male, white, and even if you are old? It took me some time to understand that diversity was a really an important topic. At first, I did not understand that. I was absolutely not aware that there was a problem. The fact that we were all male, white, between 35 to 45 (it was some time ago) to make decisions seemed perfectly ok. In this session, I would like to highlight why it's important, when and why I became aware of that aspect, and how we can raise the awareness among our peers.


* **Alexis Monville** *(Alexis Monville helps people and organization to achieve their success.   Alexis joined Red Hat in 2014 with eNovance acquisition. Alexis brings more than 20 years of operations and management experience. Alexis was Chief Agility Officer of eNovance, tasked to create an agile and collaborative culture in order to deliver continuous innovation and customer value – transforming how organizations use OpenStack cloud services.   Prior to joining eNovance, Alexis founded Ayeba, an organization and management consulting and coaching firm that worked on agile organization transformation, also inspired by open source projects organization. Prior to Ayeba, Alexis held several esteemed government positions, including Strategic Plan Manager for The Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry in France, as well as Project Director for GIP-MDS, the social services organization focused on the modernization of declarations to welfare agencies. Before joining the public sector, Alexis worked as a freelance IT consultant and was Operations Director of Integra, a European Internet hosting company which he co-founded.   Alexis holds degree in Mechanical Engineering from the National Graduate School of Arts and Industries in Strasbourg.   He is an active speaker and thought leader in the fields of management, agile transformation and happiness, participating at industry events such as Openstack Summit, Open World Forum, Agile Lean Europe...)*
