Data Analytics & Diversity in the OpenStack Projects - Sponsored by Women of OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

A popular talk in OpenStack Austin was about openstack contribution anslytics.  It shared the actual state of gender based technical contributions in OpenStack projects[1]. It spurred further questions from attendees on improving the accuracy of the numbers and extending the analysis to look for best practices in diversity. We will talk about best practices in OpenStack projects that make them more diverse. And this is also an issue for the organizations involved in the development of such projects. This talk will present an update of the numbers presented in Austin [1].   The analysis will focus on technical contributions (git and gerrit activity mainly) with a quantitative approach, but also add a qualitative approach to understand why the differences in terms of diversity within the Foundation exist.  [1] https://www.openstack.org/summit/austin-2016/summit-schedule/events/8723  


* **Nithya Ruff** *(Nithya A. Ruff is the Head of SanDisk’s Open Source Strategy Office. She first glimpsed the power of open source while at SGI in the 90s and has been building bridges between hardware developers and the open source community ever since.     Nithya has been an advocate and a speaker for opening doors to new people in open source and promoting diverse ways of contributing such as in marketing, legal and community. She’s also held leadership positions at Wind River, Synopsys, Avaya, Cranite, Tripwire and Eastman Kodak.   Nithya has been a speaker at OpenStack Tokyo, Openstack Austin and at other open source events such as OSCON, Linux Con North America and Europe and All Things Open.  She is a leader in the Women of OpenStack (WOO) group and a lisaon to the OpenStack Foundation for the WOO.  Nithya is also is the President of SanDisk’s Women’s Innovation Network or WIN dedicated to the development of women’s highest potential in the work place. Nithya graduated with an MS in Computer Science from NDSU and an MBA from the University of Rochester, Simon Business School.  She lives in the bay area and is a proud mother of two daughters.  )*

* **Daniel Izquierdo** *(Daniel Izquierdo contributes to the Activity Board [1], a project hosted under Infrastructure that provides insights and numbers about how the OpenStack community is evolving. He has also participated in the development of the quarterly reports that allow to have insights about the evolution of the several projects of the Foundation.He is also one of the co-founders of Bitergia [2], a start-up focused on providing metrics and consultancy about open source projects. His main interests about OpenStack are related to the community itself, trying to help community managers, organizations and developers to better understand how the overall project is performing. He is also developer of the Metrics Grimoire toolset [3] that aims at producing a full toolset to analyze all of the publicly available repositories used by open source communities.   [1] http://activity.openstack.org/dash/browser/ [2] http://bitergia.com/ [3] https://metricsgrimoire.github.io/)*
