OPNFV and OpenStack BOF - Follow-up
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The OPNFV Community works closely with OpenStack in order to introduce, realize and test NFV requirements. The Austin summit OPNFV BoF was successful in improving the collaboration and synchronization between the two communities. We would like to continue that dialog, investigating what we have achieved in the meantime and where we need to invest more effort. In this session we will also discuss and identify the next steps and actions towards a harmonized and healthy operating ecosystem.


* **Ulrich Kleber** *(Ulrich Kleber is a Chief Architect Cloud Platform in Huawei’s European Research Center. During his 30 years of work experience he gained extensive experience as system architect in all areas of telecommunication systems developing technology and architecture strategies according to customer requirements and business goals.He has a track record in open standards and open source development, including own code contributions. He contributed to ETSI ISG NFV to working groups and ISG level documents from its beginning. With the founding of OPNFV he started representing Huawei in the technical steering committee and started one of the first projects in the new organization.He also represents Huawei in the Scope Alliance as a board member and was chairman of the board in 2013. Before joining Huawei, he represented Siemens and NSN in the Service Availability Forum as chair of the technical working group and OpenSAF as a TSC member.)*

* **Ildiko Vancsa** *(Ildikó is coordinating the OpenStack related activities within Ericsson and also engaged in the OPNFV community. Beyond this she is a software developer working in the O&M area of cloud development. She has been contributing to OpenStack since November 2013, her main focus area is Ceilometer, but she is contributing to other projects too, like OpenStack Manuals, Nova or Oslo. She joined to the core team of Ceilometer in March 2014. Before Ericsson Ildikó worked for OptXware Research and Development Ltd. focusing on O&M, system management and virtualization areas.)*

* **Christopher price** *(Christopher Price heads the network architecture and standardization team for Ericsson's IP and Broadband division where he focuses on the development of technology and innovation. Across his career he has worked as an integrator, verification engineer, developer and technical leader for products ranging from switched voice to Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) based solutions, Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) and Network Management Systems (NMS) technologies.)*
