CIAO OpenStack Compatibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

API compatibility is a key factor to OpenStack components and tools integration. OpenStack services relies on APIs to perform its operations. In today's continuous deployment world, it's fundamental that we design and architect our solutions with compatibility in mind. Transparently interacting with other existing components APIs, even across updates, is a key feature to modern cloud architectures. CIAO provides compute, bare metal and networking services. In order to align with OpenStack specifications and provide a transparent set of OpenStack compatible services that we are developing a full OpenStack API. CIAO is being designed to be fully compatible with OpenStack services, in order for existing OpenStack tools, libraries or applications to transparently work on top of it. CIAO OpenStack compatibility APIs key features are: Fully compatible with several OpenStack service specifications Support one of the two latest versions. Reliability Error Handling Performance


* **Leoswaldo Macias Mancilla** *(Leoswaldo is a Cloud Engineer with a passion for Linux Infrastructure and Automation, he has over three years working on Linux Infrastructure, Automation and Cloud at Intel.  Right now Leoswaldo  works as Cloud Engineer at Intel working in ClearLinux and CIAO projects. Leoswaldo has a role as Cloud Integrator at ClearLinux distro and Cloud Developer at CIAO where he is working on API Compatibility with OpenStack. In his previous experience Leoswaldo worked as Software Engineer of Linux Infrastructure at Intel providing 3rd level of support for Web & DB services. Responsable for two years of Apache HTTPd. One of his greatest accomplisments was the automation for the support of Apache.)*

* **Obed Munoz** *(Obed is a Cloud Software Engineer in the OpenSource Technology Center at Intel and has 6 years of extensive experience in Software Design and Development for Open Source projects that involves from backend to front-end technologies. He has been mainly focused on automation projects for Linux Systems Administration. Obed is also an active contributor to the OpenStack and Clear Linux* Projects.  He's leading the Cloud team for the Clear Linux* Project. Obed did his Bachelor in Computer Science at the University of Guadalajara and actually is finishing his Master’s Degree in Computer Science at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education. He’s an ArchLinux and Python language fan.)*
