OpenStack Tempest and REST API Testing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Tempest— OpenStack’s integrated test suite— used to verify various components of OpenStack cloud. In this talk, we will explain how this test suite can be used to qualify various components of OpenStack. We will use Cinder (Block storage) as the case study for verifying with Tempest. By using Tempest, we are going to verify a Cinder Rest API. This verification infers how many tests are executed, which test cases passed, and how many of them failed. From a Performance perspective, this result will show the amount of time needed to execute individual test cases and overall test coverage. Also, we will explain the configuration changes required in various releases to execute the Tempest test. We will explain how additional customer or feature specific test cases can be incorporated in the Tempest test suite.


* **Ranjith Kumar** *(Name : Ranjith Kumar N SUMMARY: Staff Software Engineer in EMC2 (I) Pvt. Ltd with 15+ years of experience in the IT industry with extensive working knowledge on SDN, SDS, OpenStack, Network fault manager, TCP based application and discovery monitoring, managing virtual infrastructure like Virtual host and ESX servers,  Lucent Ethernet Routers, Intel Network Processor, embedded OS, Assembly Language, Integrated Stack manager, Network Management Software, SNMP agent Implementation, Educational Qualification: Master of Technology in Computer Science & Engg. From Karnataka Regional Engg. College (K.R.E.C./ NITK) Surathkal under Mangalore University completed in the year 2000 April with Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science & Engg. From N.M.A.M. Institute of Technology under Mangalore University Completed in the year 1996 with First Class. MBA (Correspondence) from Indira Gandhi National Open University (Specialisation in Operation Management).   Experience: Working as Staff Software Engineer in EMC2 (I) Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore from March 2007 to till date Worked as Lead Engineer in Lucent Technologies, Bangalore from February 2006 to March 2007. Worked as Tech Lead in Network Processor Division of INTEL Corporation. Bangalore from July 2001 to till January 2006. Worked as Member Technical Staff in Accelerated Networks (I) Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore (A California based Telecom software company) from October 1999 to June 2001.   Patents: Patent on IPv4 header verification technique called “GENERALIZED AND FAST HEADER VERIFICATION TECHNIQUE FOR DATA PACKET PROCESSING IN NETWORK PROCESSOR APPLICATIONS”. Filed for US Patent on “UNIQUE VLAN NAMING – A GENERIC SOLUTION TO SOLVE THE OVERLAPPING VLAN ISSUES”.)*

* **Parashuram Hallur** *(  Parash is a software professional having around 12 years of experience in designing and developing software products using Java, J2EE, Python and C# technologies. He has almost decade of experience in storage and virtualization industry. He has been working with OpenStack community from Icehouse release, majorly contributing to the cinder project.  He is currently working with EMC on their software defined storage portfolio.)*
