The benefits of E2E Integration Between Open Source Communities Using 3rd Party CI
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OPNFV is in the process of setting up 3rd party CI to synchronize the development process between the two communities. This will allow us to faster work on common requirements and patches. OPNFV developers will be able to submit patches to OpenStack and test them in OPNFV environment. OpenStack developers will benefit from the early testing of their patches together with other OPNFV components using OPNFV test frameworks and CI pipeline running against distributed bare metal labs We share experience from setting up the 3rd party CI, explain how the CI systems are connected and discuss benefits for developers and users from both communities We explain the difference between OPNFV’s 3rd party CI and typical company 3rd party CI. In OPNFV we do two different things: Besides Helping OPNFV projects to access OpenStack patches using the combined CI pipeline we also establish a service to OpenStack by reusing OpenStack Infra utilities to create OPNFV scenarios like HA and bare metal testing


* **Ulrich Kleber** *(Ulrich Kleber is a Chief Architect Cloud Platform in Huawei’s European Research Center. During his 30 years of work experience he gained extensive experience as system architect in all areas of telecommunication systems developing technology and architecture strategies according to customer requirements and business goals.He has a track record in open standards and open source development, including own code contributions. He contributed to ETSI ISG NFV to working groups and ISG level documents from its beginning. With the founding of OPNFV he started representing Huawei in the technical steering committee and started one of the first projects in the new organization.He also represents Huawei in the Scope Alliance as a board member and was chairman of the board in 2013. Before joining Huawei, he represented Siemens and NSN in the Service Availability Forum as chair of the technical working group and OpenSAF as a TSC member.)*

* **Fatih Degirmenci** *(Fatih is Principal Software Developer working at Ericsson. He is specialized in CI/CD, Software Development Infrastructure, and automation. He has more than 10 years experience and involved in several large scale CI/infrastructure projects during his career. He is Project Technical Lead for the OPNFV Release Engineering Project and core committer for several other OPNFV projects. Before Ericsson, Fatih worked for Havelsan and provided expertise to Havelsan's customers such as BOEING and BAE Systems.)*
