How Symantec enhanced OpenStack LBaaS to support legacy LB features via open source Neutron plugin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

SYMC's Cloud P'form Engg team built their pvt OpenStack cloud to host a suite of security/storage-aaS apps. Initially, migrated legacy apps from non-cloud environment to this OpenStack cloud.Legacy apps relied on many LB features implemented on physical LBs.In OpenStack clouds, functionality available thru LBaaS APIs was very limited.Example: HTTP Redirect, backup 404 page, rate limiting to front end VIP, multi SSL Cert, custom health checks, etc could not be exercised via LBaaS APIs.So, to enhance LBaaS offering:- discuss how SYMC leveraged an open source Neutron plugin, implemented a generic mechanism that would allow a user to invoke any arbitrary functionality of LBs outside LBaaS APIs.- explain details of that generic mechanism and how can be used even outside of LBaaS to extend other projects.- explain how OpenContrail Neutron plugin was leveraged in this exercise.- emphasize on how this was done in spirit of community collaboration.


* **Aniket Daptari** *(Sr. Product Manager (Cloud Network Automation, Contrail) @ Juniper Networks Inc. Started as a Software Engineer writing protocol code, CLI, device drivers and online diagnostic software for various networking equipment at different network equipment vendors - Allied Telesyn, Force10 Networks, Cisco Systems. Then began a journey into network programmability, APIs and SDK at Juniper Networks. Evolved from programmability into platforms for NFV and SDN. In this journey evolved from being a Software Engineer to a Technical Marketing Engineer to a Solutions Engineer to a Product Manager. On the education front have a Bachelors degree in Computer Science from Mumbai, India. A Masters degree in Computer Science from University of Southern California. And a graduate certificate in Management Science and Engineering from Stanford University.)*

* **Lodaya Varun Mukesh** *(Varun Lodaya is a Cloud DevOps engineer at Symantec. His work evolves around SDN, analytics/monitoring, docker/kubernetes and other cloud related technologies. His previous experiences include working on Cisco load balancers and core switching gears. Varun has a Master's of Science in Computer Networking from North Carolina State University.)*
