Paas on Openstack – an efficient foundation for CI/CD pipelines.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Continuous Integration is typically about creating numerous application instances repeatedly. These instances are transient in nature. They are brought to life only to undergo a certain set of tests or validation and to be discarded. To support the deployment of these application instances, organizations maintain dedicated environments, which leads to unnecessary operational overhead. PaaS on Openstack provides new automation opportunities and a more efficient CI process. The presentation explains a single PaaS instance deployed on Openstack securely serves all CI phases and ensures consistency across them. It demonstrates dynamic orchestration of containers on PaaS, which in turn drives the underlying Openstack to create additional compute and storage capacity within the security constraints to support transient application instances. The containers and compute resources are later removed or vacated to give room to other apps going through the pipeline.


* **Sasha Jeltuhin** *(Sasha Jeltuhin offers 20 years of experience in software architecture, development and technology management of scalable, high transaction applications, and SaaS platforms. Sasha served in multiple technology roles in a variety of industries including inventory management, tax processing, content management, e-commerce and digital marketing. Applications developed under Sasha’s guidance have been helping organizations, like National Geographic, Smithsonian Institution, hundreds of media companies like CBS, Clear Channel and Tribune as well as major national providers of video and internet service like At&t, Comcast and DirecTV.  During his career Sasha was entrusted with leading several technology organizations of various sizes in the capacity of EVP of Technology and CTO.  Sasha was featured as an invited speaker at various technology events, including Gartner Conferences. Currently Sasha serves as Technology Director of Business Development at Apprenda and is responsible for  PaaS product integration strategy.  )*
