The Shell in the Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Iridium is a test shell, which will help manage the one component most testing and development organizations have been needing: a low-level automated exploratory test shell for engineers to perform micro-bench test for ad-hoc testing and reproduction of existing defects. This focus differentiates Iridium from Tempest and Rally, as those two frameworks / testbeds are aimed at testing a completed solution. This is better known as an end-to-end scenarios test, which is also known as black box testing. This approach is needed to insure that the customer experience is free of external API service fouls, but it does not address issues where code path may not be executed due to varying configurations or the fact that most commands are canned or preformatted. The ability to perform white box testing in a controlled shell will allow quality engineers to have a closer working relationship and will enable the faster production of quality software.


* **Toure Dunnon** *(With more than a decade involved in the open source community, Toure has had the pleasure of being exposed to various technologies which have shaped the current state of the community. These roles involved a start as a linux systems administrator which launch the initial interest into engineering that lead to getting involved from an early start in his career as a test engineer for various large corporations. Once he gained enough experience he persued a career at Red Hat where he worked his way up the engineering ranks to get involved with Linux internals from a maintaince engineering standpoint and later moving back into his first love of testing (breaking products). Now Toure spends his time writing software to shake bugs out of the cloud.)*

* **Dustin Schoenbrun** *(Dustin Schoenbrun is an OpenStack Quality Engineer at Red Hat and focuses on Manila. He has spent the last ten years working in several aspects of the technology industry including writing test plans for FCoE, contributing to reference architectures, developing software plugins, QA'ing software, to now working on OpenStack. When he's not working on OpenStack, Dustin is an avid musician who plays bass guitar and electric guitar.)*
