Technical primer to Atomic and ostree; creating custom Host images
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This is not a talk about atoms and trees, but about a new way to deploy Operating Systems. It might still change the way you think about nat^H^H^Htrees. Think of something between image-based and package-based deployments. Ostree delivers a tree management and delivery in which system updates can be performed atomically. This has profound impact on how we can think of running instances in the cloud and even as the host for the OpenStack environment itself. In this presentation I will detail the history of the ostree project and how this lead to Project Atomic. I will show how a customized version can be delivered, and how this can be used as a base for either your instances in the cloud. As part of the research, I will also detail how this might affect the delivery of an OpenStack environment based on an atomic host.


* **Gerard Braad** *(Gerard is primarily responsible for the Open Source strategy and has been key in setting up the course and training program for OpenStack and Linux at UnitedStack. As an engineer, he is considered to be a full-stack engineer by his peers, although he will never introduce himself as such. He has done development in a wide variety of languages to implement Domain Driven Design and microservices. Due to his background in IT management, he has a good grasp of infrastructure, deployment, and the needs of the actual users. As part of his involvement in Open Source communities, particularly in APAC and China he has a good understanding how communities work. He has been on the Fedora Ambassador Steering Committee for two successive years representing APAC. Currently, he consults companies and projects about community engagement and participation. Has presentation and teaching experience is more than comfortable in front of large audiences, from beginners to advanced level.      )*
