Encouraging Open Source Engagement in a Proprietary Culture: Sponsored by Women of OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

A diverse panel of company leaders will offer advice on how to successfully embrace a culture of inclusiveness, diversity and ingenuity in conjunction with collaboration with the OpenStack Community, while maintaining organizational autonomy.   Many enterprises struggle with the idea of using Open Source and OpenStack without sacrificing Intellectual Property.  The panelists will discuss practical tips on how to change an organization’s culture towards embracing OpenStack, open source and inclusiveness.   


* **Courtney Ferry** *(Courtney is an OpenStack Technical Account Manager at Comcast. In her current role, Courtney is responsible for managing multi-tiered customer relationships, consulting with both prospective and existing customers, facilitating on-boarding, and architecture of applications onto the OpenStack private cloud, and more. Her past experience includes working at Carpathia as a Sr. Solutions Engineer. Prior to bridging into engineering, Courtney was a Technical Implementation Manager at Carpathia.  Her other experiences include Sun Microsystems, working with the Network.com (SunCloud) and SunGrid teams. Courtney is active with the Women of OpenStack group, organizing WOO sponsored events for the OpenStack summits and championing the diversity of our community. Courtney is a devout Washington Capitals hockey fan, living in Leesburg, VA with a couple of cats that don’t mind listening to constant tech-talk.  )*

* **Holly Bazemore** *(Need to Fill in.)*

* **Shilla Saebi** *(0 0 1 179 1025 Comcast 8 2 1202 14.0 Shilla Saebi is an OpenStack Community Development Lead and has been with Comcast for 6 years. She has spent over a decade in the tech industry in diverse positions with organizations in the DC area including Howard Hughes Medical Institute, the federal sector, and various engineering roles for tier-1 service providers.  Shilla has a passion for technology and thrives on well-designed architecture and engineering solutions. She is also an open source contributor and actively participates in the Women of OpenStack working group. Currently, she is part of the core team for docs and leads the work needed to complete the Architecture and Operations guides. Additionally, she is a part of the user committee and provides oversight and guidance to a number of working groups that target specific areas for improvement within OpenStack. She began contributing to OpenStack in 2013, after the Icehouse summit in Hong Kong. She has attended the OpenStack summits in Hong Kong, Atlanta, Paris, Vancouver, Tokyo, and Austin. Shilla believes in the open source paradigm and promotes community collaboration.)*

* **Petra Sargent** *(Petra has over 17 years experience in proprietary software development where she served in many different roles. Her favorite role was leading projects and seeing software shipped out to door to the customer. She is an Outreachy OpenStack Alumna where she worked on pluggable IPAM support for host-dependent IP address allocation.)*

* **Beth Cohen** *(Beth is a Cloud Networking Product Manager at Verizon, working on developing new cloud products and services. She is also President, Luth Computer Specialists, an independent consultancy specializing in cloud focused solutions to help enterprises leverage the efficiencies of cloud architectures and technologies. Previously, Ms. Cohen was a Senior Cloud Architect with Cloud Technology Partners and the Director of Engineering IT for BBN Corporation, where she was involved with the initial development of the Internet, working on some of the hottest networking and web technology protocols in their infancy. She has been involved in the OpenStack community since the 2010 Boston Summit, when she took the first OpenStack training class ever delivered.  She then helped architect some of the earliest large deployments in the world, writing the documentation and designing the architectures as she went.  That is how she came to help write the OpenStack Architecture Design Guide, to smooth the path for others so they would not break their heads on the rocks along the path.  She continues to be active in the OpenStack Community with the Telco Working Group and Women of OpenStack.)*
