3 Peas in a POD – Accelerating Time to Value with OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

To help promote the adoption of OpenStack and Private Cloud deployments, Intel created a sales tool called the SDI POD (Proof of Deployment) program. We consistently heard from our customers that they have seen our SDI OpenStack slideware before. They wanted proof that OpenStack was real and delivered the value we promised. We put our heads together and came up with a set of tools both hardware and software that demonstrates the power of OpenStack to our customers. In this session you will see how our “carry on”, “Cloud in a box” PODs (both Intel NUC, Xeon-D, and Xeon-E5 based) have been utilized to train, demonstrate, and prove the power of OpenStack. In conjunction with Cookbooks and Recipes,the value of the SDI POD program is the ability to show real business use cases running on OpenStack deployments. The SDI POD program helps accelerate the adoption of OpenStack by breaking down the “barriers of acceptance”, common in many organizations.


* **Darren Pulsipher** *(Darren Pulsipher is a Enterprise Solution Architect at Intel. He works in the Data Center Group with a focus on spreading Private Cloud to the Enterprise. He is a software engineering professional known for pulling technology and people together. During his career he has been involved in several different industries including medical imaging, telecom, electronic design automation, cloud computing, business consulting and even nutritional supplements.  Darren is a published author with 3 books on technology and technology management and over 50 articles published in several different industry trade magazines.  He is also known for his speaking ability and has spoken at several conferences focusing on highly technical subjects and managing people and technology. As an inventor, Darren has 10 patents in Cloud and Grid computing infrastructures. His technology has been used in companies to decrease product development lifecycle time through build, test and deployment optimization and virtualization.  Darren enjoys working with people and taking on challenging problems. With his analytical abilities and his ability to relate and interact with people, he has been able to help dysfunctional organizations make changes and succeed. He is known for tackling complex and difficult organizational situations, assessing current culture, and helping the organization become more effective. Darren has 10 children and 1 grandchild. They have lived in several different places over the last 25 years but calls Folsom, CA home at the moment. He spends his spare time at the swimming pool, Baseball fields, Basketball court, orchestra concerts watching his children perform and shopping for his granddaughter.)*
