OpenStack Operations by Design: An Approach to Integrated Operational Management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

There are many paths to the Cloud. Open projects and commercial distributions look at how to automate deployment and configuration of not only OpenStack but also DevOps tools to help with operations. In this session we propose the formation of an open cooperative project to offer a consistent way to extend OpenStack with tools that fulfil Operational capabilities & interfaces. It would cater to growing community of OpenStack operators worldwide and give them a common vehicle to interact and easily share artifacts. Commercial vendors would able to differentiate their products with advanced Ops capabilities. Tool providers would be attracted to contribute and integrate their offerings if they could consistently reach a larger user base. It is our intention to propose an extensibility model and show results from an initial prototype that bridges a well-known distribution (OpenStack-Ansible) and a well-known Ops monitoring tool (Nagios Core), and to explain how this model can be extended.


* **Marcelo Perazolo** *(Marcelo Perazolo is the Lead Software Architect for Operational Management in the IBM Systems Cloud Solutions Group. He is located in the IBM Software Lab in RTP, NC, and has received his MSEE and BSEE degrees from UNICAMP, then started his professional career at IBM in 1990, accounting for more than 25 years of professional experience with Infrastructure and Platform Management solutions. He drives planning and strategy for IBM's Systems Management team to exploit Open Systems Software and OpenStack to build Converged and Hyperconverged Infrastructure solutions. He is active in multiple Open organizations, such as OpenPOWER, OASIS and DMTF and focuses on furthering IBM's Open Systems agenda, and to drive open management capabilities into converged and hyperconverged infrastructure system solutions in the marketplace.)*
