Does your voice count in OpenStack? Yes!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Working upstream and downstream is not easy. The upstream work can sometime make us lose the focus that we should always have on solving real user problems. In this talk we will cover how we slightly changed the way Red Hat’s OpenStack engineering teams, by including customer’s voice in a process.  Contributions are now part of an end-to-end delivery split of the work, cutting across traditional organizational lines. We use an approach similar to The Voice of the Customer (VOC) to capture customers’ requirements that are organized, sequenced in terms of relative importance and satisfaction with current alternatives. We will cover in detail, how we are encouraging the contributors to look at the product we are building, and the process we are using to build the product, while they are listening to the customer's voice, as if they were just behind them looking over their shoulders.  


* **Alexis Monville** *(Alexis Monville helps people and organization to achieve their success.   Alexis joined Red Hat in 2014 with eNovance acquisition. Alexis brings more than 20 years of operations and management experience. Alexis was Chief Agility Officer of eNovance, tasked to create an agile and collaborative culture in order to deliver continuous innovation and customer value – transforming how organizations use OpenStack cloud services.   Prior to joining eNovance, Alexis founded Ayeba, an organization and management consulting and coaching firm that worked on agile organization transformation, also inspired by open source projects organization. Prior to Ayeba, Alexis held several esteemed government positions, including Strategic Plan Manager for The Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry in France, as well as Project Director for GIP-MDS, the social services organization focused on the modernization of declarations to welfare agencies. Before joining the public sector, Alexis worked as a freelance IT consultant and was Operations Director of Integra, a European Internet hosting company which he co-founded.   Alexis holds degree in Mechanical Engineering from the National Graduate School of Arts and Industries in Strasbourg.   He is an active speaker and thought leader in the fields of management, agile transformation and happiness, participating at industry events such as Openstack Summit, Open World Forum, Agile Lean Europe...)*

* **Nick Barcet** *(Nick is the Director of Product Management for OpenStack at Red Hat.  Nick joined Red Hat in June 2014, as part of the acquisition of eNovance, where he was VP of Products. Prior to that role, Nick was Ubuntu Server and Cloud Product manager at Canonical, where he participated in the definition and success of Ubuntu as a platform above and under the cloud. Nick joined the OpenStack project since its first summit in Austin and founded the Ceilometer project, now known as OpenStack Telemetry, at the Folsom summit in April 2012, to handle centralised metering on OpenStack. He has been project leading it for its first year and until it was integrated by OpenStack's technical committee. Nick was also a Director of the Board of the OpenStack Foundation in 2013. Nick has been involved in Free Software since 2000 working with Novell and Intel in various technical and management roles. Nick is a french citizen residing in the Boston area, MA and is 48 years old.)*
