How to work in a cross-cultural environment; or, there's no word for 'please' in Finnish
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

We're all extremely busy making OpenStack great -- working across all time zones, spanning many different cultures and communication styles. We want to get good, solid technical work done within our projects. But due to the nature of communication among OpenStack developers, misunderstandings are going to happen. Although they may be unpleasant when they occur, we have a great opportunity to learn from them -- understanding both what happened and how to communicate more effectively next time. Culture plays as big a role as pure technical knowledge when effectively collaborating with people across the world. We don't have a set of guidelines that will solve all of OpenStack's cross-cultural communication problems, but as the great philosopher Yogi Berra said, "You can observe a lot by watching." In this panel, we'll share some stories of effective interactions we've had and will have space for you to share your stories or ask your questions, too. And we promise to explain the title!


* **Erno Kuvaja** *(During working hours Erno is mainly hacking OpenStack storage products and integration; including Glance, TripleO and Ceph. Stationed in Galway, Ireland Erno is one of the remotees in Red Hat's fleet. Before joining Red Hat, he used to work for HP(E) on multiple roles involving support, training and OpenStack development. Erno is very Enterprise minded focusing his efforts to stability, security, supportability and usability. Outside of the work the hacking turns bit more free formed and hw related involving car and automation electronics. Not to be only nerd within the four walls Erno also enjoys to play Disc Golf or taking hikes around the beautiful areas of Connemara or backwoods of Finland.)*

* **Anita Kuno** *(Anita Kuno is a Cloud Automation and Distribution Engineer at HPE.  She works on upstream OpenStack as part of the Infrastructure team.  She has mentored many new contributors on how to develop with the OpenStack Infrastructure system which includes Gerrit and jenkins.Anita has served as an election official for the OpenStack Program Technical Lead Election and the Technical Committee Election for four consecutive release cycles. She has found that the people who are most successful achieving their personal goal are the ones who are most cognizant of the goals of the group. She spends quite a bit of time trying to find ways to support contributor's understanding of the larger ramifications of their choices.She is also an astrologer and acupuncturist.)*

* **Fei Long Wang** *(I'm serving at the PTL of OpenStack Messaging service project(Zaqar) since Mitaka release until now. And meanwhile, I'm in the Glance core team since Grizzly release.)*

* **Iccha Sethi** *(Iccha Sethi is a senior software developer at Rackspace. She has been a long time contributor to OpenStack and has been core on two projects – Images(code name glance) and Databases( code name trove). She is also involved in several community initiatives like CEEAS and Outreachy program and has introduced several women to open source.)*

* **Brian Rosmaita** *(Brian Rosmaita is a Senior Software Developer at Rackspace.  He's been an active technical contributor to OpenStack since the Folsom release and was a software developer on the Rackspace first generation cloud.  He's a core contributor to the Glance and Searchlight projects, and is the Glance technical lead for the OpenStack Innovation Center.  In his spare time, he's the host of Radio Ethiopia, a reggae and African music show that's broadcast on K-RACK, Rackspace's internal internet radio station.)*
