Lessons from the Developer Cloud - OpenStack Innovation Center Success Stories
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Through the OpenStack Innovation Center (OSIC), the community can work together to help improve the scalability of OpenStack.  Developers can reserve dedicated bare-metal capacity or a slice of the developer test cloud, to test their projects at scale, all through osic.org.  Since its launch a year ago, the 1000-node OSIC developer cloud has been utilized by projects including HPC, SDN, Ops practices, and object storage tests.  In this panel we learn how developers have used this developer cloud, and gain insights into best practices for proposing a project and using the developer cloud. Topics will include: Upstream contributions resulting from use of the developer cloud Factors contributing to acceptance of user proposals Lessons learned for getting the most out of a dev cloud reservation


* **Antonio Ojea** *(Antonio Ojea is the QA team leader for Midokura. He was graduated Telecommunications Engineer by Vigo University (Spain) in 2002. He worked as a engineer specialist in networks, security and Linux systems in a Regional Telecommunications Company for more than 10 years. He participated in his spare time with several security reseach groups to fight malware and other network threats. He took advantage of the opportunity offered by Midokura to join the company in 2015 to apply his real-life, in-the-trenches bussiness experience to help to make midonet more robust, performant and scalable.)*

* **Arvind Soni** *(Arvind Soni is Product Line Manager in OpenStack Team @ VMware. In this role, Arvind manages VMware's integration efforts across all core OpenStack projects. Additionally, Arvind leads the product strategy and execution for VMware Integrated OpenStack, which is VMware's OpenStack distribution. Arvind is passionate about simplifying the Operational Challenges related to OpenStack Private Cloud adoption.  Arvind has more than 12years of tech industry experience including software development, produt marketing, product management and partner engagements. Arvind holds a Bachelors in Computer Sc from IIT Bombay, a Master in Computer Sc from North Carolina State Univ and an MBA from University of Chicago Booth.)*

* **Justin Shepherd** *(As a distinguished architect and CTO for Rackspace Private Cloud powered by OpenStack, Justin Shepherd is an ambassador of openness. He is often traveling the globe talking about the powers of OpenStack and private cloud, and has trained numerous companies on deploying and operating OpenStack clusters. While starting his career as a systems engineer on a small IT team working in a traditional IT environment, Justin joined Rackspace 10 years ago and has been part of OpenStack since the beginning. He is a core contributor to OpenStack and has helped found both the Chef and Ansible OpenStack communities.  )*

* **Travis Broughton** *(Travis is a Product Marketing Engineer in Intel's Open Source Technology Center, focusing on Intel's upstream contributions to cloud and data center software.  He previously spent 15 years in Intel IT, where he was an architect working on OpenStack deployment, PaaS, and cloud-native application development practices.)*
