Stewardship: bringing more leadership and vision to OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Are you curious about the newly formed Stewardship Working Group? Do you want to find out about the work we're doing?     Are you wondering how you can participate in the group? TC, PTL, or core reviewer burnout got you down?  Do you wonder what it is to be a 'leader' in the OpenStack Community?  Have you heard the term "servant leadership" but don't know what it means? Then this session is for you! Consider this our in-person, live FAQ for the community. We will talk about some of the changes the TC has been considering making to governance policy, and some of the resources we're working with to help provide leadership growth within the community. We would also love to hear your thoughts on what leadership in OpenStack means to you. Facts and details provided by Thierry Carrez, digressions and jokes by Monty Taylor, musical interludes and philosophizing on servant leadership by Colette Alexander, and moderated by Amrith Kumar.


* **Colette Alexander** *(Colette began playing the cello and tinkering with computers at a young age in Detroit, Michigan. Both have followed her into her adult life: she now manages a team of engineers who work on OpenStack, and also actively records and tours with rock bands. She is obsessed with learning about leadership and culture, and how to make hiring engineers a more pleasant process for everyone. She currently resides in New York City, NY.)*

* **Monty Taylor** *(I currently work on OpenStack and Zuul for Red Hat. I lead a team that works on running the Developer Infrastructure systems for the project, as well as other pure-upstream development efforts. I am PTL Emeritus of the OpenStack Infra Program and set up the original project gating infrastructure. I currently sit on the Technical Committee. Previously, I was a core developer on Drizzle and was a Senior Consultant for MySQL, Inc. I've been a Python hacker by choice since 2000, and am currently a member of the Python Software Foundation.I have a degree in Theatre Directing and went to grad school at CalArts in lighting design. The intersection of fields has led me to start more than one business around developing technology for and related to live performance. I continue to work in the theatre, and regularly light shows in New York, Seattle and Austin.)*

* **Thierry Carrez** *(Thierry Carrez is the Director of Engineering at the OpenStack Foundation, helping ensure the long-term health of the OpenStack upstream open source project. He has been the Release Manager for the OpenStack project since its inception, coordinating the effort and facilitating collaboration between contributors. He is the elected chair of the OpenStack Technical Committee, which is in charge of the technical direction of the project. Thierry spoke about OpenStack, open innovation and open source project management at various conferences around the world, including OSCON, LinuxCon, and FOSDEM. A Python Software Foundation fellow, he was previously the Technical lead for Ubuntu Server at Canonical, an operational manager for the Gentoo Linux Security Team, and an IT manager in various companies.)*

* **Amrith Kumar** *(Amrith Kumar is an active technical contributor to the OpenStack project, and a member of the Trove core review team. He is also a member of the OpenStack Foundation Job Analysis Task Force and an author of the book on OpenStack Trove. He is the author of the book on OpenStack Trove (published by Apress, http://www.apress.com/9781484212226). He brings more than two decades of experience delivering industry-leading products for companies specializing in enterprise storage applications, fault tolerant high performance systems and massively parallel databases to Tesora, which he co-founded. Earlier, he served as vice president of technology and product management at Dataupia, maker of the Satori Data Warehousing platform , and Sepaton’s director and general manager where he was responsible for the development of the core virtual tape library product. As a director of product development at Netezza, he managed end-to-end product delivery for all customers and prospects. Amrith studied mathematics at the University of Madras (India) and management at the Indian Institute of Management. )*
