Lost in a Forest of Users: Five Paths to User-Driven Development
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Developers can struggle to target the correct OpenStack users because they lack clearly defined user types, which creates inconsistent and confusing user experiences. We solve this problem by personifying five OpenStack user archetypes with key tasks, roles, responsibilities, and organizational models. These personas demonstrate how developers can target their work for specific audiences from the start, letting developers focus on solving problems and developing features. Join us as we define and describe five distinct user personas that can help you target your development for specific users. Our tools teach attendees to identify five user archetypes so developers can better understand users and deliver better user experiences. This promotes OpenStack adoption and improves the user experience.This session provides simple tools that focus on improving the user experience. 


* **Rodrigo Caballero** *(Born in Mexico, Rodrigo studied Engineering Physics and Technical Writing in Germany. His experience extends across multiple industries, such as finance, electrical and mechanical engineering, and software development. Hired by Intel in 2014, Rodrigo spearheaded the documentation effort for the Linux Foundation's Zephyr Project for IoT devices. Today, Rodrigo is focused on improving the OpenStack documentation as well as the overall user experience.)*

* **Jeffrey Calcaterra** *(I am a user experience (UX) researcher. I specialize in products for managing servers and other information technology (IT) infrastructure. I am currently the user research lead for the Hybrid Cloud team. Before that I was the design lead for IBM Cloud Manager with OpenStack. I am also work with the OpenStack Community. I also have a number of patents and chair the Systems user interface patent board at IBM. I started my career designing the first versions of many software utilities still shipping on ThinkPad laptops and in between worked on a number of websites, Eclipse plugins and lots of other things. I have a Masters Degree in Human Factors and Industrial Organizational Psychology from Wright State University and I have a Computer Programming Certificate and a Bachelors degree in Psychology from North Carolina State University. I love the challenge of finding simplicity in a big mess of complexity.)*
