DELIMITER - Cross Project Quota Enforcement and Management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Quotas are frequently used and the same time complex piece of code that most projects in OpenStack(Nova, Cinder, Neutron) needs for proper usage and management of resources. Any project which plans to impose restriction on resource consumption would have the need for quotas functionality in near future. So given that even though quota is a common requirement there is not a common entity at present which enforces quota where as the approach taken by OpenStack is to have every project build its own quota framework  needed to enforce and manage quotas. Hence, this is an attempt to build a common entity so that new and existing projects can seek benefit from it. None of the Openstack projects that enforce and manage quotas seem to be happy about the way the Quota implementation is done for respective projects and through various mailing list discussions & project meetings its clear that some effort to fix the existing implementation would definitely help the project. 


* **Vilobh Meshram** *(Openstack developer focussing on Compute(Nova), Containers(Magnum), Distributed Group Management and Locking(Tooz) projects. Interested in distributed systems, distributed co-ordination and anything related to concurrency. Based on the contributions till date received the OpenStack Contributor Award from OpenStack Foundation @ OpenStack Summit Austin! Details http://superuser.openstack.org/articles/openstack-community-contributor-awards-recognize-unsung-heroes Presented 4 talks at OpenStack Summit at Austin 2016. 1. How we keep breaking the Compute Scheduler at Scale! - https://goo.gl/NaLK4r  2. How Yahoo! Plans to Maximize Resource Consumption! - https://goo.gl/hLavC4  3. Openstack Scheduling and Resource Management - https://goo.gl/a9UIRU    4. Quotas in OpenStack – Present and Future! - https://goo.gl/DNVf7q  Have been heavily involved inside Yahoo! to make OpenStack work at Scale. Using the experience to work at Scale by proposing new specs, blueprints that will help the community. Collaborated with CERN, HP, IBM, LSD-UFCG on Quota related efforts.   First one to introduce Nested Quota to OpenStack via Cinder. Introduced Consul driver to Tooz which will be used for DLM.)*
