Firehose: A unified message bus for Infra services
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Development of OpenStack operates at a tremendous scale, with hundreds of repositories and thousands of contributors interacting continuously. The community infrastructure to support this has to operate at an equally large scale to ensure that it is not outpaced by the volume of upstream activity. Accordingly, enabling anyone to see what is happening in real time in this increasingly complex infrastructure becomes equally complex and large. This is why we need to have interfaces available to develop tooling to handle this. During the Newton cycle we introduced firehose.openstack.org to provide a unified message bus. Built using MQTT and the Mosquitto broker, firehose is a consistent interface where Infra's services can publish events. This will go over the origin and background behind the unified message bus, how it's constructed and used by Infra, and also explain the benefits to the wider community and how they can use it for their own needs, experimentation and innovation.


* **Matthew Treinish** *(Matthew is currently a member of the OpenStack TC (Technical Committee) and was previously the PTL (project technical lead) of the OpenStack community's QA program from OpenStack's Juno development cycle in 2014 through the Mitaka development cycle in 2016. He is a core contributor on several Openstack projects including Tempest, elastic-recheck, and many smaller projects and a core member of the OpenStack stable maintenance team. He has been working on and contributing to Open Source software for most of his career and has been primarily contributing to OpenStack since 2012. Matthew currently works for HPE's Upstream OpenStack team working to make OpenStack better for everyone. Matthew has previously been a speaker at OpenStack summits, LinuxCons Japan and North America, FOSSASIA, PyConAU's OpenStack miniconf, and linux.conf.au.  )*

* **Jeremy Stanley** *(A long-time computer hobbyist and technology generalist, Jeremy's worked as a Unix and GNU/Linux sysadmin for more than two decades focusing on information security, Internet services and data center automation. He's a core member of the OpenStack project infrastructure team and serves on the vulnerability management team. In his spare time he writes free software, hacks on open hardware projects and embedded platforms, restores old video game systems and enjoys articles on math theory and cosmology)*
