Introducing preemptible instances in OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

A preemptible instance is a special kind of instance that can be stopped if there are no resources available for another request with higher priority. This way a user may launch preemptible instances (probably at a fraction of the normal price) to fulfil fault-tolerant tasks (like batch processing), taking into account that they may be terminated without further advise. With the current OpenStack scheduling mechanism, instances are only spawned if there are enough available resources for. There is no way to prioritise a request against another, and there is no way a request could stop a running instance. When the computing capacity is tight, this situation lead to the underutilization of the infrastructure. This presentation will introduce a PoC for scheduling preemptible instances into nova, developed in the INDIGO-Datacloud project. With this mechanism in place the scheduler can terminate preemptible instances whenever it is needed to allocate free resources for an incoming request.


* **Alvaro Lopez Garcia** *(Currently I works as a researcher at the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC). In 2007 I held a research associate position at the Italian National Institute for Nuclear Physics (INFN), where I started to work with virtualization so as to deliver on-demand services. I have taken part in several European projects about distributed and Grid and Cloud computing, such as EGEE-II/III (FP6, FP7), Int.Eu.Grid (FP6), EUFORIA (FP7), EGI-InSPIRE and more recently EGI-Engage and INDIGO-Datacloud. With the advent of Cloud computing I moved towards this field, working in the adaptation of the current Cloud middleware and infrastructures to fit the specific needs (parallelism, performance) of the scientific computing applications. In fact the CSIC deployed one of the first OpenStack infrastructures in Spain, back in the Essex release. I am a member of the Openstackfoundation, and I have been an Active Technical Contributor for several cycles, even if my activity has been related with bugfixing .)*
