NFV and Cloud Application Orchestration with TOSCA in OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OASIS TOSCA is an industry standard for defining the orchestration of a cloud infrastructure and its application. It is supported by a large number of cloud service and tooling providers to model cloud applications and Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) workloads. During the OpenStack Newton release cycle, the version 1.0 of TOSCA simple profile in YAML is officially approved. This work serves as a foundation that has enabled us to extend TOSCA to support NFV orchestration modeling. In this presentation we describe how TOSCA is used across several facets of OpenStack with both general purpose and NFV based use cases. It is targeted for the OpenStack audience that is new to TOSCA and it's usage within OpenStack. We will briefly cover basic of TOSCA and NFV followed by up to date coverage of TOSCA integration in OpenStack. We will also show how a web application can modeled in TOSCA with demonstration of deploying it into an OpenStack cloud with OpenStack Heat and Tacker.


* **Sahdev Zala** *(Sahdev Zala is an IBM Advisory Software Engineer in the IBM Cloud Architecture and Technology organization. In his current role, Sahdev is Project Technical Lead (PTL) of OpenStack TOSCA-Parser and Heat-Translator projects. Both the projects are part of OpenStack Heat main program. He is a TOSCA Technical Committee member. He has also contributed towards LDAP enhancements in the OpenStack Keystone. Previously, he worked on developing IBM software for small and medium businesses and cross-product serviceability initiatives. He has authored IBM Redbooks, articles for developerWorks and ThoughtsOnCloud, white papers and technical documents on a variety of topics.)*

* **Bob Haddleton** *(Bob Haddleton is the Innovation Team Lead and a Cloud Solutions Architect in the Applications & Analytics business unit at Nokia, where he works to develop cloud-based solutions. Bob has over 28 years of experience in telecommunications software, 3G/4G wireless, and networking.  He joined the Cloud Innovation Center in 2013 and set to work using his extensive telecommunications software/networking and wireless knowledge to demonstrate how network functions can be virtualized and provide higher levels of reliability at lower costs.  He is a core reviewer for the Tacker, TOSCA Parser and Heat Translator projects, and is interested in the issues that surround deploying/configuring/monitoring/maintaining complex VNFs and Network Services.)*

* **Bharath Thiruveedula** *(Bharath Thriuveedula is software engineer in Imaginea Technologies Inc, Core reviewer and key contributor to the OpenStack Tacker, Heat translator projects. A contended individual who is passionate about open source technologies and an evangelist who is focussed to make his mark in the Cloud/NFV domains. He had worked on the custom solutions on the NFV Orchestration and his other interests are Containers and Distributed systems.)*
