Domino: Distributed Template-based Orchestration Service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Template based orchestration is used by multiple OpenStack projects including Heat, Tacker, & Senlin. Model based network programming and configuration are also heavily adopted by SDN controllers (e.g., ODL, ONOS). To be able to consume orchestration services in another domain, specific drivers need to be written with explicit knowledge about the north bound API as well as the template formats and domain specific features.  OPNFV project Domino is responsible for creating, translating, and distributing orchestration templates for Virtual Network Functions (VNFs) from a common network service descriptor. It is a critical indirection layer to solve the pain points of automatic capability and policy discovery as well as VNF placement. Our talk will cover the use cases and architectural design of Domino. We will also provide a demo to show Domino in action with distributed OpenStack sites running different orchestration engines such as Heat and Tacker.  


* **Ulas Kozat** *(Ulas Kozat is a senior member of technical staff at Huawei R&D in Santa Clara, CA. At Huawei, he leads several R&D and open source projects in the areas of Software Defined Mobile Networks and Network Function Virtualization. He is also the PTL of OPNFV Domino Project. Previously, he has worked as principal research scientist at Argela USA in Sunnyvale, CA and as principal research engineer at DOCOMO Innovations (formerly DOCOMO USA Labs) in Palo Alto, CA.  Ulas Kozat received his Ph.D. from the University of Maryland, College Park, USA; M.Sc. from the George Washington University, Washington DC, USA; and B.Sc. from the Bilkent University, Ankara, Turkey all in Electrical & Electronics/Computer Engineering.   Dr. Kozat has published extensively (https://sites.google.com/site/ulaskozat/home/publications) and holds several patents (https://sites.google.com/site/ulaskozat/home/patents) in the areas of network modeling; cross-layer optimization; and architecture, protocol, algorithm design. He is a co-receipient of the best paper awards in IEEE ICC-2011 and ACM VISA-2010 conferences. He has served in the organization and technical programming committees of various prestegious venues including IEEE NFV-SDN, IEEE Infocom, IEEE ICC, IEEE Globecom, IEEE PIMRC, ACM Mobicom, ACM Mobisys, ACM ATC. He is a senior member of IEEE.)*

* **Prakash Ramchandran** *(Prakash has 30+ years of Telco/IT experience with MSEE from IIT Bombay. He is an active OpenStack participant, and has been a veteran consultant on NFV/SDN in the areas of data center and network operators. The companies he has served for include before Futurewei Technologies, seven.com, coverity.com, AT&T Labs, AT&T Mobility, He was also part of Valley start-ups including Tekmobile and other IT /Internet Data Center ventures in late 90's and early 2000. He brought to table the experience building NFV PoCs using OpenStack eco system .Has been a regular attendee as wel speaker at OpenStack and OPNFV over last several years in Bay area as well globally in US, China & India.)*
