OpenStack and the Orchestration Options for Telecom / NFV
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

There are many open source orchestrator projects which are attempting to accelerate SDN/NFV deployment in operator networks, Open Source MANO is targeting how to deploy NFV based on the ETSI MANO specification; OpenStack Tacker starts from a VNF manager and is evolving from there with the help of other projects; Open-O (Orchestrator) explores areas beyond the MANO specification by including SDN orchestrator, legacy networks, and OSS; ManageIQ and others could evolve from cloud/IT managers into an NFV orchestrator; and at the same time, AT&T published the ECOMP whitepaper which augments the ETSI MANO story with policy, closed loop control, VNF onboarding, SDN configuration. This panel will address how we plan to harmonize multiple orchestrator projects to better align on modular code within each project. There are many common new modules like Parser, VNF onboarding, EPA, Generic VNF managers, event streaming, which could benefit from the cooperation among multiple open source projects.


* **Hui Deng** *(Hui Deng is Principal Staff and is leading SDN/NFV technical strategy at China Mobile. He is the current chairman of OPEN O project; He is also the treasurer and BoD member of OPNFV. He also serves as the chair of Platform & Ecosystem WG in SDN/NFV Industry Alliance (China). Hui Deng has organized and chaired the NFV workshop 2015 (Beijing), NFV Workshop (Shanghai) 2015, SDN/NFV Open Source Workshop 2016 (Beijing). And he also made speeches in MWC 2015 OPNFV Panel, China DPDK Summit, China SDN/NFV Conference, Intel Network Summit, and Huawei Cloud Conference in 2015.)*

* **Chris Wright** *(Chris Wright is the Chief Technologist at Red Hat where he is leading engineers who work on cloud computing, distributed storage, network virtualization, containers, and continuous delivery.  During his more than 20 years as a software engineer he has worked in the telecom industry on high availability and distributed systems and in the Linux industry on security, virtualization, and networking.  He has been a Linux developer for over 15 years, most of that time spent deep in the Linux kernel. He is passionate about developing open source software to serve as the foundation for next generation IT systems.  He lives in sunny Portland, OR where he is happliy working on open source projects such as OpenDaylight, Open vSwitch, OPNFV and OpenStack.)*

* **Diego Lopez Garcia** *(Since October 2011 I am in charge of Technology Exploration at the Global CTO Unit, within Telefónica I+D. My responsibilities are related to the definition and coordination of research projects in the areas of new networking technologies and network infrastructures. I am directly involved in activities related to network virtualization, core optimization, AAA, traffic analysis, and infrastructure security. I am actively participating in the ETSI ISG on Network Function Virtualisation (NFV), chairing its Technical Steering Committee.I am acting as representative of Telefónica in bodies related to network technologies, like the ONF and the BBF, and contributing to several working groups inside IETF. I have been appointed by the European Commission as member of the High Level Expert Group on Scientific Data e-Infrastructures (HLEG-SDI).)*

* **Tobias Ford** *(As the AVP of Cloud Infrastructure and Platform Architecture & Strategy for AT&T, Toby Ford leads technology efforts around AT&T's cloud offerings both internally and externally focused. Currently, Mr. Ford is responsible for shepherding SDN and NFV projects on to AT&T’s Common Cloud platform. Toby served as CTO for USi, which was acquired by AT&T in 2006. Previously, Mr. Ford held positions at Cornell University, ARINC, TeleCommunication Systems, and his own company in the Netherlands. Toby is also a member of the OpenStack Board of Directors.    )*
