Empower your NFV Services through Service Function Chaining and SFC graphs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The first release of networking-sfc can already fulfill multiple use cases. For the second phase, the project team has been working on supporting more features and more use cases. One of them is the support for the NSH SFC Encapsulation mechanism as defined by the IETF SFC working group. This talk will go through: the changes that are needed in order to support NSH Encapsulation; the advanced features that NSH encapsulation enables; the challenges on chaining legacy non-NSH-aware Service Functions; how you can deploy OpenStack SFC with the NSH encapsulated data path with Open vSwitch; and how to achieve advanced use cases that SFC Encapsulation in general allows.


* **Cathy Zhang** *(Cathy is currently a principal architect/engineer working on Network Virtualization, Cloud service, and SDN technologies at Huawei Technology USA. Her expertise includes L2/L3 Networking, HA Infrastructure, Network Virtualization, SDN, and Cloud Computing. She is the author of the OpenStack Neutron Service Chain API and Data Model Specification and is currently leading the service chain project development in the OpenStack community. Besides OpenStack, Cathy is also an active contributor to the service chain work in IETF, Openflow, ETSI NFV, OPNFV organizations. She won the "Outstanding Technical Contributor" award from Open Network Foundation and is one of the authors of the Openflow L4-L7 Service Chaining Architecture and API specification. She is a contributor to the IETF Service Chain Data Plane Working Specification. She is also the project lead of the VNF Forwarding Graph project in the OPNFV community. Cathy has a Ph.D. degree in Computing Engineering and has multiple patents.)*

* **Igor Duarte Cardoso** *(As a Software Engineer at Intel, Igor is mostly focused on upstream OpenStack enablement of Service Function Chaining. As a former NFV researcher, he has experience with comparing solutions and proposing new and potentially better ways of doing technology, while keeping his work as standards-compliant as possible. Previous development experience under OpenStack essentially spans DevStack, Neutron and Group-Based Policy.)*
