NFV Orchestration with OpenStack - An Open Source MANO Perspective on Status and Extensions Needed
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

NFV Orchestration with OpenStack - An Open Source MANO Perspective on Status and Extensions Needed. This talk will focus on NFV Orchestration challenges and the impacts on OpenStack from the perspective of the telecommunication service providers through the lens of the Open Source MANO community.  A number of scenarios will be described to clarify the types of deployments that telecoms service providers are looking to leverage OpenStack for. Open Source MANO is an ETSI-hosted project to develop an Open Source NFV Management and Orchestration (MANO) software stack aligned with ETSI NFV. It will be reviewed to provide some context on the architectural choices that are being made at this layer of the stack which impact the Virtual Infrastructure Manager (VIM) requirements. A review of some of the things that are considered to be working well and the areas that need immediate development.


* **Adrian Hoban** *(Adrian Hoban is a Principal Engineer in Intel's Data Center Solutions Group and the Technical Steering Committee chair for the Open Source MANO project. In Intel he is the system architect responsible for orchestration of Software Defined Networking and Network Function Virtualisation and leads the Intel team on OpenStack contributions in this area. He specialises in open source software such as OpenStack, Linux, Open vSwitch, KVM, QEMU and libvirt. Adrian is also active in standards initiatives such as ETSI-NFV.  In OpenStack Adrian set the architectural direction for the Intel contributors on areas such as PCIe passthrough, SR-IOV, Enhanced Platform Awareness for NUMA, Huge Pages, CPU pinning, and thread policy, OVS with DPDK enablement, and Security Groups. He has a particular interest in extensions that relate to using OpenStack to facilitate high performance application deployments and infrastructure utilisation. )*

* **Francisco-Javier Ramón Salguero** *(Head of Network Virtualisation Initiative and NFV Reference Lab, Telefónica GCTO Unit | TI+DChairman of Open Source MANO Community Project | ETSI OSG OSM Since 2000 Francisco-Javier has worked in Telefónica. Former head of the IP Network Technologies group in Telefónica I+D, since 2008 he is head of the Network Virtualisation Initiative and the NFV Reference Lab in Telefónica GCTO Unit. Additionally, he has been chair of the Performance and Portability Expert Group and the Working Group of Testing, Experimentation and Open Source in ETSI NFV ISG  In April 2016, he was elected Chairman of Open Source MANO (ETSI OSG OSM) project on Management and Orchestration for NFV. His expertise areas are network virtualisation, IP network architecture, traffic capture and analysis, QoE modelling, network planning and dimensioning, routing and network performance. He is author of several patents and technical papers in these fields.   Francisco-Javier has achieved a Master Telecommunications Engineer qualification at the Technical School of Telecommunications Engineering of Málaga (Spain), 2000, and a Master's Degree in Economics at UNED (Spain), 2006.)*
