Scaling OpenStack to support large scale Compute – 500 Computes and beyond
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack has known scalability limitations and scaling beyond 100-200 compute nodes per single OpenStack instance (Region) is a challenge. Scaling out to support 500 + nodes in a single datacenter is possible by deploying multiple OpenStack instances in that location but that adds extra overhead, cost and management complexity for tenants.   In this case study, we will share our performance and scale test results, fine tuning that ‘worked’ versus ‘did not work’ to support the scale and the architecture changes made to OpenStack deployment to support 500+ compute nodes per OpenStack region.   We have addressed bottlenecks in the messaging bus, Nova scheduler, and other key components, with a combination of: Control plane flexibility (moving services to different hosts) Configuration changes particularly with RabbitMQ and Nova Tuning the use of Ceilometer


* **Randall DeFauw** *(Randy DeFauw is Director of Cloud Solutions at Mirantis.  He has 15 years of experience in technology, ranging from software development to consulting to marketing and product management.  He spent several years working on DevOps and CI/CD process and automation, and most recently worked on replication infrastructure for large-scale Hadoop deployments.)*

* **Gnanavelkandan Kathirvel** *(Gnanavelkandan Kathirvel is a Lead Principal-Technical Architect at AT&T working on Cloud Strategy, Cloud Architecture and Network function Virtualization (NFV). Previously, Kandan led the architecture work to support Cloud convergence, building external cloud and Content Delivery network (CDN) for AT&T. He is currently focused on AT&T’s “Domain 2.0” initiative to virtualize large portions of AT&T Network services infrastructure on top of a common OpenStack based Cloud. )*

* **Haseeb Akhtar** *(20+ years of experience spanned across various roles within the research and product development of telecommunication systems, with a special concentration on wireless and packet based networks. In depth knowledge of IETF (TCP/UDP, IP, LDAP, SIP, SNMP, RTP/RTCP, IPSec, Mobile IP, Radius/Diameter etc.), wireless (TDMA, CDPD, CDMA, 1XRTT, GPRS, UMTS, WiMAX, LTE, 802.11x based WLAN etc.) and wireline (ANSI-41, ATM, ISUP, MEGACO/MGCP, PRI, SS7, TDM etc.) protocols. Always held key positions and led highly competent technical teams to come up with state-of-the art solution. Filed over 60 patents (to date, 36 of them have been granted by US, Australia and European patent authorities), authored several IETF documents (co-authored RFC 4283, contributed in RFCs 3344, 3588 and 3846 and co-authored other IETF drafts). Also authored conference papers and chapters in books on 3G/4G wireless networks.Specialties: Application driven End-to-End Solution Architecture, Performance of Applications and Services, Translation of Business Drivers into Technical Requirements, Technical Validation and Development of Business Cases.)*
