Red Hat and Juniper Networks collaborate to develop converged carrier grade cloud software stack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Red Hat and Juniper Networks have collaborated and co-developed a validated and integrated software stack for Telco clouds. We have subsequently tested these stacks for carrier-gradeness. Subsequent to these efforts, we have found some joint customers who have deployed these validated carrier grade software stacks.  We will discuss the process behind arriving at these joint stacks, the stack components, the end-to-end provisioning of the stack components, and some customer use cases.  We will potentially invite some of our joint customers to provide their perspective at using, deploying and operating Telco clouds that leverage such joint stacks. 


* **Marc Rapoport** *(Sr. Product Manager for OpenContrail at Juniper Networks, Inc. Past - Product Manager for HPE Helion OpenStack Product Manager at Ericsson (Redback))*

* **Nick Barcet** *(Nick is the Director of Product Management for OpenStack at Red Hat.  Nick joined Red Hat in June 2014, as part of the acquisition of eNovance, where he was VP of Products. Prior to that role, Nick was Ubuntu Server and Cloud Product manager at Canonical, where he participated in the definition and success of Ubuntu as a platform above and under the cloud. Nick joined the OpenStack project since its first summit in Austin and founded the Ceilometer project, now known as OpenStack Telemetry, at the Folsom summit in April 2012, to handle centralised metering on OpenStack. He has been project leading it for its first year and until it was integrated by OpenStack's technical committee. Nick was also a Director of the Board of the OpenStack Foundation in 2013. Nick has been involved in Free Software since 2000 working with Novell and Intel in various technical and management roles. Nick is a french citizen residing in the Boston area, MA and is 48 years old.)*

* **Aniket Daptari** *(Sr. Product Manager (Cloud Network Automation, Contrail) @ Juniper Networks Inc. Started as a Software Engineer writing protocol code, CLI, device drivers and online diagnostic software for various networking equipment at different network equipment vendors - Allied Telesyn, Force10 Networks, Cisco Systems. Then began a journey into network programmability, APIs and SDK at Juniper Networks. Evolved from programmability into platforms for NFV and SDN. In this journey evolved from being a Software Engineer to a Technical Marketing Engineer to a Solutions Engineer to a Product Manager. On the education front have a Bachelors degree in Computer Science from Mumbai, India. A Masters degree in Computer Science from University of Southern California. And a graduate certificate in Management Science and Engineering from Stanford University.)*
