SFQM & Doctor: Keeping my (telco) cloud afloat
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Additional statistics facilitate more resilient and performant telco/NFV clouds. It is vital to monitor systems for malfunctions that could lead to users' application service disruption and promptly react to these fault events to facilitate improving overall system performance. By providing OpenStack with system statistics from collectd, more data is available, which can be used for monitoring, performance analysis, fault detection, etc. using OPNFV Doctor-prescribed enhancements to OpenStack, action can then be taken to negate the effects of any faults in the deployment. Gaps have been identified and work to improve OpenStack to enable a more fault tolerant cloud environment is well underway. A key part of this work includes expanding the amount of data available about the system (e.g. DPDK and Open vSwitch statistics) and improving alarming functionality in OpenStack Aodh. This presentation is a follow-up of the last OpenStack summit in Austin.


* **Emma Foley** *(Emma is a Software Engineer in the Network Platforms Group in Intel. She joined Intel after graduating from the University of Limerick where she studied Electronic and Computer Engineering with a major in Robotics. She has worked mainly in the area of telementry for telco, working on making more statistics available for the OpenStack cloud, by enabling collectd stats to be used in Ceilometer.)*

* **Maryam Tahhan** *(Maryam Tahhan has been a Software Engineer at Intel Corporation for the last 6 years. Her work focus for the last two years has been on virtual switch , virtual switch performance and enabling Software Assurance features in DPDK. She is one of the engineers that enabled DPDK in Open vSwitch. Maryam also enabled user-space vhost (vhost-cuse) to help with the effort of accelerating guest network access. She leads two OPNFV projects, Software Fastpath service Quality Metrics (SFQM) and Characterize vSwitch Performance for Telco NFV Use Cases, a.k.a VSPERF.)*

* **Carlos Goncalves** *(Carlos Goncalves is a Software Specialist on the 5G Networks team at NEC Laboratories Europe in Heidelberg, Germany. He works in the areas of Network Functions Virtualization and Carrier-Cloud Operation & Management, developing novel technologies and tools for the design, deployment, operation and management of cloud-native virtualized network functions. He has been participating in open-source projects including OpenStack and OPNFV where he plays a committer role in OPNFV Doctor project. Carlos received his Master of Science degree in Computers and Telematics Engineering from the University of Aveiro, and prior to joining NEC he was a Researcher in the Institute of Telecommunications, Portugal.)*
