Characterizing Migration of Telco Services to Openstack NFVI
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Telco services such as voice, messaging, data etc. are running on physical infrastructures serving millions of end user. Many provider are doing POC and planning migrations to NFVI using Openstack but there is no silver bullet. We have worked out migration steps by monitoring at least ten KPI’s (QoS, resiliency, availability, scalability, capacity, performance, automating Apps onboarding, Operationalization, legal and regulatory compliance, cost) whihc we discuss how to use them effectively; before, in-flight and after migration. In this session we will share our hands on experience, tools and methodology for hitless migration to virtual infrastructures environments.


* **Prakash suthar** *(Currently working with Cisco Systmes, Inc and based in Chicago, USA. SME for virtualized mobility solutions such as virtual packet core, policy, service chaining (IETF Network Services Header) using ETSI MANO NFVI framework. Currently designing solutions with hands on system integration work by using following technologies•    Hypervisor such VMware ESXi, Openstack KVM, Virtualbox etc.•    Open stack experience on all releases Havana to Kilos•    Open Network Operating System (ONOS) and SDN controller (OpenFlow and Open Daylight)•    Openstack installers such Mercury (Cisco), Packstack (Redhat) etc.•    Virtual Switch – OpenVswitch, VMware standard and distributed, NSX, Cisco Nexus 1000v•    Netsim and auto configuration tools - Mininet,  OpenConfig, Tail-F NCS (YANG, CONFD)I have expert level knowledge on IPv4/IPv6 routing protocols (RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, IS-IS, BGP), VPLS, Inter-AS MP-BGP, L3VPN, L2VPN, multicast technologies, internet peering, datacenter technologies (L4-L7), security and Datacenter interconnect technologies. I have very good knowledge in SDN and virtualized network configuration, troubleshooting etc. Hands-on experience in over 10 mobile networks - AT&T US and Mexico (SAEGW, virtual packet core and policy for connected car, GiLAN, Monetization Orchestration Gateway, mobile datacenters design, IPv6), Verizon Wireless (PGW, HSGW, Mobile Datacenter, IPv6), Sprint (SAEGW and IPv6 design for LTE deployment),  RIL (LTE design, IP/MPLS transport, VoWiFi and ePDG), MetroPCS (LTE, IPv6), KDDI Japan (VoLTE design and deployments) etc. I am also engaged for transformation of fixed Telco infrastructure to cloud based solution for optimizing cost and performance for many providers. I am leading 5G Packet Core Architecture and solution development at various industry forums such as ITU IMT-2020 focus group (http://www.itu.int/en/ITU-T/focusgroups/imt-2020/Pages/default.aspx), 3GPP and IEEE. Involved with POC for Information Centric Networking (ICN), network slicing, edge computing, control and user plane separations.)*
