Resource Assurance for NFV Workloads
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Availability and Performance are key attributes for NFV workloads. On the other end of the spectrum, service rollbacks are becoming increasingly expensive to address and an impediment to NFV adoption. Resource assurance for network services would ensure that no service deployment would fail due to resource requirements. It would also ensure that network services continue to provide the expected quality of service since their resource requirements would always be met.  


* **Arun Thulasi** *(Arun Thulasi is the Chief Technologist for Platform Solutions in the Network Functions Virtualization Business Unit at HP. His responsibilities include defining, building and delivering NFV solutions bringing together technologies that form building blocks of a Next-Gen network (Cloud Operating Systems, SDN, Orchestration etc) into consumable, production-ready solutions. From an early career in kernel networking and performance analysis, his current focus areas have moved him into Software-Defined-X, Data Analytics and Cloud-native application & service development.)*

* **Tariq Khan** *(As a long-time technologist and architect with extensive solution selling & development experience around Data Centers and Cloud infrastructures. Tariq has had the opportunity to create meaningful impact on clients through thought leadership by evangelizing next generation solutions, selling consultatively, and driving client-facing strategy.  In his current role, Tariq is responsible for shaping HPE’s NFV technology architecture related to the Virtual Infrastructure Layer that include compute and network virtualization technologies and driving the evolution of open source efforts like OpenStack & OpenDayLight to meet the demands of current and next generation of telco applications. As the design and technical authority for the role of OpenStack within HP’s OpenNFV architecture, Tariq drives the development of features needed by telco applications within HP’s Carrier Grade OpenStack distribution (HPE Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade) and upstream OpenStack. He regularly participates and represents HPE at meetings for various open source and standards efforts like OpenStack, OPNFV, Open Cloud Connect and OpenDayLight to drive Carrier Grade features.)*

* **Gerald Kunzmann** *(Gerald studied electrical and information engineering at the Technische Universität München (TUM) in Munich, Germany, with a concentration in information and communication technology. For his PhD he researched distributed, self-organizing routing protocols and network architectures for the Next Generation Internet and developed novel concepts and algorithms for their optimized operation. In 2010 Gerald started as researcher for the next generation mobile core network in DOCOMO Euro-Labs in Munich, working on improving the Quality of Experience (QoE) and efficiency of mobile networks. He represented DOCOMO Euro-Labs in the European research projects MEDIEVAL and SAIL, where partners from academia and industry worked to optimize mobile networks for multimedia services and scalable/adaptive solutions for a next generation transport network respectively. Since 2014, he has been leading DOCOMO Euro-Labs' standardization team which is active in the areas of Machine-Type-Communications (MTC), Software-defined Networking (SDN), 5th Generation Mobile Networks (5G), and Network Function Virtualization (NFV). In the latter topic, Gerald is participating in OPNFV project with a concentration on the topics Doctor (Fault Management) and Promise (Resource Reservation).)*
