VPP: the ultimate NFV vSwitch (and more!)?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

NFV support in OpenStack started in Kilo release with Enhanced Platform Awareness (EPA) support, optimizing OpenStack orchestration and use of modern server’s software and hardware. (e.g. Huge Pages, CPU pinning, NUMA Topology awareness, etc.). However, with limited performance vSwitch options, SR-IOV was used in many cases. So, the Telco VMs (VNFs) could have reached high packet processing performances / core, at the cost of hardware dependency and features flexibility and challenges to software control plane. Nowadays, Vector Packet Processing (VPP) technology, offers an interesting high performance I/O processing alternative for NFV. VPP also offers network features richness (yes, e.g. SFC with NSH is also included), flexibility, hardware independence and a 100% Open Source software vSwitch with open governance model, with an OpenStack,  OpenDayLight and containers integration in progress.


* **Franck Baudin** *(Franck Baudin is in responsible for the NFV technical strategy of  within Red Hat’s OpenStack product management team. He  currently focuses on providing high performance network connectivity to VNFs: SR-IOV, OVS-DPDK, VPP.   In his previous role within the Qosmos CTO team, Franck was responsible for technical Proof of Concepts (PoCs) and prototyping of emerging products, such as Service Function Chaining PoC in Telekom Malaysia lab and Qosmos L7 classification plugin. He also designed and led the implementation of DPI integration within DPDK based VNFs.   Previously, Franck was managing the engineering team at 6WIND, where he defined the outsourcing strategy and resource allocation between France and China. On the technical side, his responsibilities included the development of strategic projects in the areas of SDN, Open vSwitch, and Intel DPDK. Included in his responsibilities, he was also driving development of the 6WINDGate packet processing software, focusing on performance improvements and support for different types of CPU architectures: x86, Cavium, Broadcom, and Freescale. He also led the porting of 6WIND portfolio from FreeBSD to Linux.   Franck started his career as a Software Development Engineer at Thales Aerospace, working on projects such as the Dassault Rafale aircraft radar software. He holds a Master's degree in Engineering from French engineering school ENSEA.  )*

* **Uri Elzur** *(Uri Elzur is a director of SDN System Architecture with Intel’s Network Platforms Group. In this role, Uri is responsible for creating SDN and SDI long term vision, technical strategy, architectures and products for server platforms.Prior to joining Intel, Uri has held a position of a Sr. Director at Broadcom, managing an architecture team with responsibilities over the company’s NIC architecture and strategy.)*
