Maturing OpenStack together to solve telco needs - A track by Nokia and Red Hat
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

For over three years, Nokia CloudBand and Red Hat have been partnering to address Telecom Service Providers’ (SP) specific needs in the network functions virtualization (NFV) space. As a community, we need to join forces to accelerate OpenStack maturity for carriers. In this track, we will discuss the performance challenges Telco SPs face and how we are working collaboratively to help solve them. Carriers have high expectations with NFV; they are looking for scalability, flexibility, extensibility, high asset utilization, integration of services, open competitive landscape, innovative ecosystem, and continuous deployments and upgrades. And they’re looking to open source innovations as a solution. However, the use of OpenStack for NFV poses some challenges. OpenStack needs to be enhanced to enable availability and scalability. In this presentation, we will jointly present our work solving some of the challenges described and explore the ones that still need to be solved as a community.  


* **Marcos Garcia** *(Marcos Garcia is Red Hat's OpenStack and NFV Technical Marketing manager. He has 12 years of international experience in IT, with studies in Telecommunications and Software Engineering, currently pursuing an MBA. Being a certified ITIL Service Manager, he has a broad understanding of service design and delivery, and a deep expertise operating cloud and virtualization systems using a DevOps approach. He is a co-founder of the Montreal Openstack community where he is a frequent speaker.)*

* **Ian Hood** *(High impact, results oriented professional with excellent technical and communications skills, business acumen, and team leadership. Experience in product and business strategy, global product launches, economic analysis, solutions marketing, and systems engineering.  Led the development and delivery of multiple software and hardware solutions, each of them generating market share growth and hundreds of millions to billions in revenue. Deep technical and business knowledge of Video, Mobile Internet, Carrier Ethernet, and Cloud-based networking architectures that span both Service Provider and Enterprise markets. Led many global product launches driving billions in incremental revenues.Comprehensive hardware and software technology depth across many domains including Carrier Ethernet, Mobile / Wireless, Security, Video, Software Defined Networks (SDN), Virtualization, Cloud-Based / Managed Services, Routing, and Optical Transport.)*

* **Iris Finkelstein-Sagi** *(Iris Finkelstein-Sagi brings over 20 years of experience and vision from her work in telecommunications, consumer tech, SaaS and more. Iris' expertise runs the gamut from product and communications marketing to strategy, PR, copywriting, events & campaign management, social media marketing, website design and lead generation.  As a super mom to three beautiful bandits Iris tries to squeeze baking, kick-boxing, swimming and obsessive reading into her spare time. She also used to be a professional designer.  Iris holds an MBA from INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France and a BS in Industrial Design from Tel-Aviv University.)*
