Dynamic Network Fabric for NFV
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

NFV deployments are moving away from POCs in labs to building a multi-site, NFV-compliant OpenStack solution. Many NFV use cases, such as vCPE, vBRAS and vBNG, all require dynamic scaling, agile resource balancing, and geo redundancy across multiple PoPs (Point of Presence).  We argue that the current OpenStack does not handle network dynamics well because the lack of network-aware resource allocation. In this talk, we present an OpenStack enhanced dynamic network fabric that offers high availability, manageability, and performance required for carrier-grade. To react to network dynamics, e.g., traffic spike, or resource failure, we provide underlay network aware PoP level rerouting. Within the PoP, we find the best resource reallocation via bandwidth-guaranteed VM placement. In addition, we use SLA verification to check if the reactions satisfy the SLAs. Our framework can free function-developers from attending to carrier class requirements.


* **Ying Zhang** *(Ying Zhang is a Senior Research Scientist in the Networking and Mobility Lab in Hewlett Packard Labs. Before joining Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Ying was a Senior Researcher in the IP and Transport Research group, Ericsson Research Silicon Valley, San Jose, CA. She was a member of the Yong Advisory Board to the CEO of Ericsson. She have 30+ patents and 50+ publications. She received the Ph.D. degree from the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, in 2009. Her research interests are in networking and systems, including Software-Defined Networking, Cloud, Internet and Cellular network management, Internet routing and network security.  )*

* **Mario Sanchez** *(Mario is a Research Scientist at Hewlett Packard Labs in Palo Alto, CA.  He received a Computer Science Ph.D. degree from Northwestern University in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department and a Master’s degree in Telecommunications from the University of Maryland, College Park under the sponsorship of the Fulbright scholarship. He did his undergraduate studies at Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra (PUCMM) in the Dominican Republic where he received his B.Eng. in Telecommunications.)*

* **Arun Thulasi** *(Arun Thulasi is the Chief Technologist for Platform Solutions in the Network Functions Virtualization Business Unit at HP. His responsibilities include defining, building and delivering NFV solutions bringing together technologies that form building blocks of a Next-Gen network (Cloud Operating Systems, SDN, Orchestration etc) into consumable, production-ready solutions. From an early career in kernel networking and performance analysis, his current focus areas have moved him into Software-Defined-X, Data Analytics and Cloud-native application & service development.)*
