Using OpenStack to enable VNFs in Wide Area Networks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The MEF, with its 125+ service provider member community, is focused on enabling dynamic Third Network services for the digital economy and the hyper-connected world, providing businesses an on-demand, cloud-connected, secure, and assured experience. The MEF provides a practical evolution toward interconnected, orchestrated, and automated networks powered by LSO (Lifecycle Service Orchestration), SDN, and NFV implementations. The MEF has established a technical framework that includes architecture, information models, services, operational processes, LSO, open source implementations, and certification programs. This presentation will highlight how service providers can use OpenStack based solutions originally focused for use in data centers to rapidly deliver Network Functions as a Service (NFaaS) and service function chaining not only into their own Wide Area Networks but into the networks of their wholesale service connectivity suppliers using Lifecycle Service Orchestration (LSO).  


* **Pascal Menezes** *(Pascal serves as CTO and Advisory Director for MEF and is a former Principal at Microsoft Skype for Business Global Carrier Group.  Pascal is a proven technology thought leader, sales evangelist, product manager and seasoned IP architect with close to 30 years of experience in internetworking, next-generation information systems, and communication architectures.    As the founder of TSCM Technology he is focused on the building of cloud scale architectures and real-time media networks using Software Defined Networks (SDN), Network Function Virtualization (NFV) and Lifecycle Service Orchestration (LSO).   As one of the leading industry experts in Unified Communication (UC) and SDN he is a UCStrategies Expert, pioneer of Unified Communications (UC) and Software Defined Networks (SDN), Chair of UC SDN Task Group at International Multimedia Telecommunication Consortium (IMTC),  Vice-Chair of Open Network Foundation (ONF) NBI Working Group  and Co-Founder and former Vice-Chair of Wi-Fi Alliance Task Group Mobile Multimedia Over Wi-Fi.  Pascal has done five startups with multiple successes, has received numerous industry awards and has presented extensively in numerous events globally.  Pascal holds 4 patents with 25 additional patents pending and has co-authored many standards in the IETF, MEF, IMTC and Broadband Forum (MPLS).)*
