Telemetery for NFV; A tale of  Meters, Samples and Unicorns
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

SevOne’s service provider customers leverage OpenStack as to virtualize the infrastructure that drives their wireless business.    For this use-case, SevOne has focused on the Ceilometer metering, as a common point of VNF integration, to collect performance data.  Ceilometer holds the promise to deliver on a normalized method to collect key performance samples regardless of vendor, function or network reachability -- a long-standing customer unicorn. However, when developing an actual performance management solution that combines OpenStack Ceilometer metrics with Key performance indicators from virtual network functions, SevOne ran into several data collection challenges. This customer then partnered SevOne with RedHat, who architected the customer's Kilo based cloud, to drive new solutions to improve the experience in future versions of OS.  Through enhancements to Ceilometer, with the Gnocchi blueprints, this can now be realized.


* **Franck Baudin** *(Franck Baudin is in responsible for the NFV technical strategy of  within Red Hat’s OpenStack product management team. He  currently focuses on providing high performance network connectivity to VNFs: SR-IOV, OVS-DPDK, VPP.   In his previous role within the Qosmos CTO team, Franck was responsible for technical Proof of Concepts (PoCs) and prototyping of emerging products, such as Service Function Chaining PoC in Telekom Malaysia lab and Qosmos L7 classification plugin. He also designed and led the implementation of DPI integration within DPDK based VNFs.   Previously, Franck was managing the engineering team at 6WIND, where he defined the outsourcing strategy and resource allocation between France and China. On the technical side, his responsibilities included the development of strategic projects in the areas of SDN, Open vSwitch, and Intel DPDK. Included in his responsibilities, he was also driving development of the 6WINDGate packet processing software, focusing on performance improvements and support for different types of CPU architectures: x86, Cavium, Broadcom, and Freescale. He also led the porting of 6WIND portfolio from FreeBSD to Linux.   Franck started his career as a Software Development Engineer at Thales Aerospace, working on projects such as the Dassault Rafale aircraft radar software. He holds a Master's degree in Engineering from French engineering school ENSEA.  )*

* **Pradeep Kilambi** *(Software/Systems Engineer with experience,* Overseeing all phases of software/systems development lifecycle including systems research, design, and Development.* Working with open source projects and community; major contributions to various projects part of OpenStack, puppet, RHEL, fedora etc. * Working in agile, fast paced and highly demanding environments.* Interacting with internal and external customers with outstanding technical and communication skills.* Various US patent applications in the area of Cloud & Systems Management* Enthusiasm to quickly learn new concepts and technologies and to coach others in their use.Areas of Interest/expertise:Cloud Computing, DevOps, Systems Management, Virtualization, Storage Management, Linux System Administration.)*

* **Brandon Hale** *(Brandon is responsible for all Cloud and Container monitoring initiatives for SevOne. He has built products for some of the largest service providers in North America to assure performance and availability of OpenStack, especially for SDN/NFV use cases.     )*
