MeghDVR - An Intelligent Video Delivery Platform for the Era of the Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Are you frustrated by the slowness of your video streaming? Are you annoyed with rebuffering when all you wanted was to catch the last word of the joke that was last streaming?  Wouldn't it be great if you could seamlessly continue to watch a program on your phone that you were just watching at home?We will introduce the current state of video delivery technologies, present some of the complex interactions between the content, the network and the subscribers, while discussing some of the key trends, economic drivers and critical mass that prompted the need for this prototype. We will also consider the technical aspects of existing content delivery platforms and their shortfalls with regard to scale, elasticity and constrained service offerings.We will also explore the components of our proposed solution and demonstrate improved personalization in consumer interactive video services.


* **Narendra Narang** *(Narendra N. Narang has accumulated a wealth of experience, while working in various Information Technology roles at financial institutions in New York. Most recently, he spent 11 years at Bloomberg in various roles and comes to Red Hat with deep knowledge of enterprise systems and storage infrastructure, emerging technologies and data analytics platforms. His areas of specialization include analyses of comparative storage architectures, performance and optimization studies, developing best practices and planning for disaster recovery, and in-depth knowledge of distributed and elastic cloud storage platforms.)*

* **Laurent Domb** *(Laurent Domb is a Senior Cloud Solutions Architect working for Red Hat. He is a Red Hat Certified Architect Level III, a puppet certified professional 2013/2014 and ITILv2 certified. Next to his technical certifications he also holds an eMBA degree in general management as well as a BSc in applied computer sciences. His IT career started in 2002 by studying applied computer sciences at the University of Northwestern Switzerland and founding the VIBB Unix User Group (VUUG). During university he started teaching Linux and Norman data defense and worked as a Linux admin at Wagner Kunz aktuare. After graduating, he was hired by Trivadis AG, a Swiss consultancy as a Linux / Open source consultant where he worked for different banks, insurances, and automotive industries in Switzerland, Germany, Norway and Sweden. Laurent also lead the Trivadis IT department where he was responsible for transforming the traditional way of IT thinking  into a new, modern agile IT department. Later in his career Laurent took over the Service Engineering Department at OPITZ CONSULTING Switzerland where he was responsible for building up the Consulting Services. In 2010 he moved to America where he worked as a Linux System Engineer at OnSIp. In 2013 Laurent was hired by Red Hat as a Senior Linux consultant where he transformed multiple financial firms from traditional IT environments into agile IT environments. Today, as a Sr.Cloud Solutions Architect Laurent helps customers  to understand, envision and build successful cloud environments.)*

* **Sanjay Aiyagari** *(Sanjay is a Sr. Solutions Architect working on NFV strategies within Redhat.)*
