Migration from "Carrier-Grade" to "Service Provider Cloud"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

For many years, the Telcos adopted the term “Carrier Grade” for a system, hardware or software component that is extremely reliable, well tested and proven. Carrier grade systems are tested and engineered to meet or exceed "five nines" high availability standards.  However, in today’s exploding volume of bandwidth demands, networks have become increasingly complex and need to efficiently and reliably handle diverse traffic types and patterns requiring different types of resources for Compute (CPU and Memory), Storage and Network (I/O). Today, Service Providers need to deliver service with high Reliability, Availability, Manageability, Performance and Security (RAMPS) across the entire end-to-end ‘Service Provider Cloud’ system, with the objective of minimizing the business impact of of service outages in order to meet their Service Level Agreement (SLA). This talk is about why Telcos need “Service Provider Cloud ” solutions rather than just “Carrier Grade”  


* **Pasi Vaananen** *(Pasi Vaananen is a NFV systems architect within the Red Hat Office of Technology, where he is responsible for advancing the Red Hat NFV system solution capabilities.  Currently, he is involved with many different initiatives such as, NFV MANO, system resiliency improvements and related community and standardization efforts. Mr. Vaananen has over 20 years of experience working on mission critical communications systems from companies such as Nokia, Motorola and Stratus. Previously, he held a systems architect role focused on SW & HW communication platforms, along with focus on other products in the broadband IP access and mobile network space. Vaananen is also currently participating in ETSI, OPNFV, OSM and Open-O activities, and has been previously active in efforts in e.g.  SCOPE alliance, IETF (MPLS and QoS), IEEE and  Broadband Forum. He holds over 10 US and international patents.)*

* **Aaron Smith** *( Aaron attended Swarthmore College as an undergrad and received his Masters and Ph.D. From Brown University in Electrical Engineering.  After a brief stay at Lincoln Laboratories, Aaron joined as an early member of a telecom startup and spent the next several years in either involved with system design or asic verification for telco.  After the telecom downturn, Aaron joined another early stage startup in an area now known as the "Internet of Things" helping to build one of the first cloud based HVAC control systems eventually reaching CTO of the company.  Aaron embraced early cloud efforts over the next few years at EMC and Stratus Technologies.  Aaron worked on an early CMP for OpenStack while at Stratus.  Aaron recently joined Red Hat in the NFV Partner Engineering group and has been able to continue working in the MANO and HA space.    "Cloud computing bears a striking resemblance to the work I was doing for my dissertation.  Cloud computing is very similar to massively parallel computing that was a research topic in the 80's and 90's.  It is rare to be able to work on what you studied in school"        )*

* **Ali Kafel** *(Ali Kafel is the Technical Product Marketing lead for Red Hat’s Service Provider solutions, responsible for technical thought leadership, industry insights, technical content creation and field enablement. Prior to Red Hat, Ali held leadership roles in various technical and business roles for several high-tech start-ups and multinational companies, including Stratus Technologies, Extreme Networks, Sonus Networks and Lucent Technologies (now Nokia). He brings over 20 years of experience in Telecom and Networking, including Carrier/packet Telephony, Mobility, Data Networks, Cloud Computing and NFV/SDN. He has written several industry articles and spoken at multiple industry events on NFV and other telecom & networking initiatives. He holds an MBA and a bachelor’s degree in physics from Suffolk University in Boston, MA)*
