Managed Router Services: chronicling Cox's journey and rationale behind choice of the lego blocks.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Cox Communications has embarked on a projec to enhance their MPLS IP-VPN with new services that include managing customer premise equipment and providing security within customer premises. In order to do so, Cox set out to select a bunch of carrier grade building blocks that include OpenStack and solutions to address robust, scalable and malleable networking. Supporting multiple tenants in shared infrastructure environments was a dominant concern and securely isolating the different customers was vital. In this session we will have Cox partner with Juniper Networks to describe the project, the considerations, the challenges, some of their choices and the rationale behind those choices.  


* **Aniket Daptari** *(Sr. Product Manager (Cloud Network Automation, Contrail) @ Juniper Networks Inc. Started as a Software Engineer writing protocol code, CLI, device drivers and online diagnostic software for various networking equipment at different network equipment vendors - Allied Telesyn, Force10 Networks, Cisco Systems. Then began a journey into network programmability, APIs and SDK at Juniper Networks. Evolved from programmability into platforms for NFV and SDN. In this journey evolved from being a Software Engineer to a Technical Marketing Engineer to a Solutions Engineer to a Product Manager. On the education front have a Bachelors degree in Computer Science from Mumbai, India. A Masters degree in Computer Science from University of Southern California. And a graduate certificate in Management Science and Engineering from Stanford University.)*

* **Steve Hartt** *(Steve has worked in various software engineering and network consulting roles at Cisco Systems. For the past more than 3 years he has been working at Cox Communications helping them design, architect, build Differentiated and value added services to Cox's existing offerings to their customers. These include managed customer premise equipment, managed on-premise security offerings among others. Steve is also helping evaluate various alternatives for the building blocks required to implement such services.  )*
