Automating the VNF on-boarding process using OPNFV Functest and OpenStack Heat templates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The NFV story is built around virtualizing network functions. To achieve inter-operability, VNF setup and fulfillment must be based on a common information model, which today is specified by ETSI. For acceptance by CSPs, the VNF should be validated using a universally accepted testing method.  This presentation and demo will define an end-to-end VNF validation process,  from VNF descriptor definition to testing the VNF, using the OPNFV Parser and Functest projects with an on-boarding wizard tool built on standards. The web-based wizard guides the user in defining the VNF Description details and to define the VNF setup metadata in an implementation agnostic, ETSI standards based format (ETSI NFV Yang format). The wizard then converts this format into the implementation format consumed by the VIM layer. In this case format is converted to OpenStack Heat Orchestration templates using the Parser project in OPNFV. We will also talk about ongoing work for conversion to TOSCA NFV profile.


* **Madhu Kashyap** *(Over three years of OpenStack community engagement, now focused on all things NFV. Blogged on OpenStack site - http://superuser.openstack.org/articles/bringing-nfv-into-openstack-with-tacker Expertise in cloud networking, virtualization, OpenStack, data center with broad product management responsibilities. )*

* **Vinayak Ram** *(Architect at HPE)*

* **Vasu Sankhavaram** *(Vasu Sankhavaram is Chief Technologist/Strategist within Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s NFV business unit, focused on strategy and execution of the OpenNFV partner program. Prior to this, he was Chief Strategist of DevOps and Cross Portfolio Architecture Alignment within HP Software. Earlier, he provided product management leadership and strategy within HP's Cloud Automation portfolio, with a focus on application release and deployment, and hybrid cloud automation. Vasu has been with HPE since 1995 and has worked in all phases of the software lifecycle – Innovation, R&D, Testing, Support, Consulting, Product and Solution Management and Strategy. During that time, he led several ground breaking projects in the areas of telecommunications and enterprise software management solutions for leading Fortune 500 Telecom and Media companies. Vasu is passionate and driven about product and solution development, ideation, evangelization and being a student for life. He holds an MBA degree from U.C. Berkeley and a B.E in Electronics & Communications Engineering from University of Mysore, India.   Vasu and his wife have their hands full with a 13-year old son and 3-year old twin daughters)*
