Automated Cloud Infrastructure Deployment for Telco
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Telco operators have a special set of requirements when it comes to cloud environments. A single cloud must support different functional use-cases (hosting, service function chaining) applications requiring different performance requirements fully integrated and automated end-to-end lifecycle management In this session we will talk about how Deutsche Telekom achieved that goals by creating an OpenStack environment, which is distributed across multiple DCs in several regions. The network foundation for the overlay network and the service function chaining as well as the interconnection between the different DCs is provided by the OpenContrail SDN solution. Canonicals MaaS and Juju provide the lifecycle management, including the fully automated deployment of OpenStack, OpenContrail and Ceph elements into a highly complex and secured network setup. Telco requirements, current status, time used, lessons learned and solution gaps will be explained. Join the presentation and you will know.


* **Ralf Trezeciak** *(As a Senior Network Architect, Ralf working on data center/cloud network virtualization and Software Defined Networking technologies at Deutsche Telekom. He is currently working on the network architecture for a Openstack based NFV cloud at Deutsche Telekom.)*

* **Paolo de Rosa** *(Paolo De Rosa , Services Engineer @ Canonical I work for Canonical as Support Engineer, I'm an Network and Cloud specialist with programming skills and strong telco background. In the past I have been working to design, configure, troubleshoot and install large computer networks in campus and carrier scenarios. I spend my time to model and build beneficial IT infrastructures to be cultivated, scaled up and maintained over time. Loving network and system automation I have always been inspired by large IT infrastructures, because unlike computing systems which typically concern independent or stand alone systems, is a concept being developed to describe large scale, complex, and networked technologies.)*

* **Michael Henkel** *(Prior to joining Juniper in 2014 Michael worked 16 years for HP. In HP he spent his last 2 years on doing research on SDN and writing applications unleashing the power of SDN. Michael is passionate about SDN and virtualization. As part of Junipers Contrail team he takes care for integrating OpenContrail into whatever kind of new and exciting technology comes along. Lately he started to enjoy the brave new world of Containers and their need for a robust networking infrastructure.)*
