Design Case Study - VoLTE core solution with Cloudify and Athonet on VMware Integrated Openstack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Design Case Study - VoLTE core solution with Cloudify and Athonet on VMware Integrated Openstack In this case study we will detail the NFV VoLTE core solution by Athonet and Cloudify on top of VMWare Integrated Openstack cloud environment. The solution is comprised of  vEPC, vIMS VNFs. The case study showcase how one can rapidly deploy this entire solution from scratch and go from zero to functional infrastructure in a mere 15 minutes.  We will demonstrate how Cloudify can orchestrate these VNFs and service chain them together, as well as scale the capacity in runtime. The demo will include actual handset establishing a VOIP call and how the call continues uninterrupted during scaling out of the infrastructure. This session will conclude with us doing a live call with members of the audience that will use the virtual infrastructure we just built in the session!


* **Vanessa Little** *(With over 25 years experience in various roles in network and system architecture, mobile video system architecture and governance in both telco and  retail sectors, Van has developed a diverse toolset.  Van spent much of her career as a contractor, working for every telco as well as major retailers in Canada over the years.  Having worked as everything from unix sysadmin to Chief Technical Officer with a number of leadership roles in between, Van has contributed to technologies from mobile, enterprise data centre, multi-national networks and beyond.  Now at VMware as the Sr Manager - Global NFV Ecosystem Architecutre Van is focused on leading integrated architectures that integrate all of the NFV partners across the globe in useful NFV solutions that solve for specific problems.  This role has her speaking at conferences around the world, and spreading the word about the strength of the NFV Ecosystem. Van attended the University of Toronto where she majored in Computer Science and Astro-Physics.  Van currently makes her home in Toronto Canada, where she enjoys spending her free time playing hockey, tennis and fishing.)*
