How to make OpenStack relevant for Mobile Networks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack has been the choice of virtualized infrastructure for hosting Virtualized Network Functions (VNFs). Networking abstractions supported in OpenStack Neutron (i.e., port, sub-net, net) and services such as Load Balancing as a Service (LBaaS), Firewall as a Service (FWaaS), etc. cover a broad range of enterprise use cases. Yet, these services and networking abstractions also fall short of addressing the needs of next generation mobile network architectures particularly in the context of providing different mobile network stacks and verticals to different tenants. Our talk will cover some of the 5G use cases such as connectionless services, edge cloud, context aware networking and provide a discussion around new networking abstractions such as programmable buffers, mobility management as a service, and measurement as a service.  


* **Ulas Kozat** *(Ulas Kozat is a senior member of technical staff at Huawei R&D in Santa Clara, CA. At Huawei, he leads several R&D and open source projects in the areas of Software Defined Mobile Networks and Network Function Virtualization. He is also the PTL of OPNFV Domino Project. Previously, he has worked as principal research scientist at Argela USA in Sunnyvale, CA and as principal research engineer at DOCOMO Innovations (formerly DOCOMO USA Labs) in Palo Alto, CA.  Ulas Kozat received his Ph.D. from the University of Maryland, College Park, USA; M.Sc. from the George Washington University, Washington DC, USA; and B.Sc. from the Bilkent University, Ankara, Turkey all in Electrical & Electronics/Computer Engineering.   Dr. Kozat has published extensively (https://sites.google.com/site/ulaskozat/home/publications) and holds several patents (https://sites.google.com/site/ulaskozat/home/patents) in the areas of network modeling; cross-layer optimization; and architecture, protocol, algorithm design. He is a co-receipient of the best paper awards in IEEE ICC-2011 and ACM VISA-2010 conferences. He has served in the organization and technical programming committees of various prestegious venues including IEEE NFV-SDN, IEEE Infocom, IEEE ICC, IEEE Globecom, IEEE PIMRC, ACM Mobicom, ACM Mobisys, ACM ATC. He is a senior member of IEEE.)*

* **Subramaniyam Pooni** *(As a principal Architect, Center for Software Excellance, working in the area of Software Defined Mobile Networking (SDMN) , spear heading R&D efforts and bringing thought leadership for building next generation mobile software architectures for mobility platforms (5G and beyond)  with focus on microservices, containers, IOT platforms, Mobile edge services etc.)*

* **Prakash Ramchandran** *(Prakash has 30+ years of Telco/IT experience with MSEE from IIT Bombay. He is an active OpenStack participant, and has been a veteran consultant on NFV/SDN in the areas of data center and network operators. The companies he has served for include before Futurewei Technologies, seven.com, coverity.com, AT&T Labs, AT&T Mobility, He was also part of Valley start-ups including Tekmobile and other IT /Internet Data Center ventures in late 90's and early 2000. He brought to table the experience building NFV PoCs using OpenStack eco system .Has been a regular attendee as wel speaker at OpenStack and OPNFV over last several years in Bay area as well globally in US, China & India.)*
