Clearwater vIMS VNF onboarding on Carrier Grade OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

IMS is the standard architecture adopted for voice, video & messaging services in IP only environment. During the current NFV revolution, IMS has become a leading NFV use case. Telcos expect IMS [IP Multimedia Subsystem] and all their network functions from layer2 and above in NFV environment. As a case study, we experimented with Clearwater IMS, which provides SIP based call control for voice and video communications and SIP-based messaging applications. It has built-in calling features and standalone subscriber database. Experiences learned during this process and how they are applicable to other Telco VNF's will be shared. Session is good for cloud admins, Telco network engineers & OpenStack NFV users. It will cover: Clearwater IMS components (Bono, Sprout, Ellis, Homestead, Homer & Ralf) Component configuration, blue print yaml & Tosca document Deployment of Clearwater on Carrier Grade OpenStack Operational workflow using 2 SIP clients Demo of voice & video using Jitsi call


* **Nayana Dawalbhakta** *(Nayana Dawalbhakta works at Hewlett-Packard Enterprise on Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade as an Architect in R&D engineering. She has several years of experience working with OpenStack. Currently, she is leading SDN integration with OpenStack to offer a Carrier Grade NFV Solution. This is a multi-hypervisor and multi-site solution offered to Cloud Service Providers for Telco market. She has 15+ years of experience as a Software Developer, QA, Project Lead and an Architect in the technology industry.)*

* **Devapraba Muthumani** *(Devapraba Muthumani works as a Systems Software Engineer on Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade, NFV BU Headquarters at Hewlett Packard Enterprise, USA.   She has few years’ experience in cloud technologies like OpenStack, virtual storage, SDN controllers that includes multi-NIC, Multi Data center, security policy, HA testing, KVM/ESX hypervisors. Currently involved in test strategic planning in qualifying Carrier Grade functionality and features offered to Cloud Service Providers for Telco market. Also involved in design, deployment, administering and troubleshooting enterprise telco grade configurations. This also includes Validation of deployment topologies, servers, storage and networks.   Outside cloud her other experiences include product testing, I/O Storage Certification, VMA Storage Device Qualification, Protocol Compliance testing in storage area networking technologies such as Fibre channel, scsi etc, managing HP-UX servers which includes superdome used for SAP HANA, Storage Devices, Switches, Virtual Connect, Virtual machines (VM), Virtual Partitions (vPars), Fibre Channel Over Ethernet(FCOE), Mission Critical feature and so on.    )*
