The Open Source Disruption in NFV
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

There is a massive shift in the NFV world to open source tooling and technologies, from companies like AT&T with their ECOMP project to other players such as OPNFV, ONOS, and OPEN-O, not to mention ETSI and MEF. However, this transformation, although positive for end users, means certain large corporations now have an inherent conflict of interest due to their business models being mostly driven by proprietary hardware. Some names include Cisco, Ericsson, Nokia, and Amdocs. In this talk, we will discuss the open source NFV vs. proprietary vendor struggle, where the NFV world is headed, and ways proprietary vendors can work to join the open source disruption without having a disastrous effect on their bottom lines.


* **Sivan Barzily** *(Sivan is Director of Product for Cloudify at GigaSpaces, working on an open source and open standard cloud orchestration platform that automates and manages complex services throughout their entire lifecycle for telcos and enterprises. Prior to GigaSpaces Sivan was a Product Line Manager at Alcatel Lucent, building an NFV MANO solution. Sivan is an active contributor to the TOSCA standard, and is an expert at the areas of networking, cloud, and service management. Read her posts at the Cloudify blog.)*

* **Arthur Berezin** *(Arthur Berezin is an active member of the OpenStack community and a hands-on OpenStacker since the early Essex release of OpenStack in 2012. During this time Arthur has built multiple production data centers based on OpenStack, helped dozens of organizations in planning their OpenStack environments, and in executing their software defined data center strategy. Prior to OpenStack, Arthur worked on KVM virtualization management project oVirt/RHEV and open source virtualization management technologies for mission critical environments. Arthur is the Director of Product for *Cloudify* at GigaSpaces working on an open-source and open-standard cloud application orchestration platform with cloud aware applications in mind that run natively on OpenStack and other private and public clouds. Prior to Cloudify, Arthur was a Senior Technical Product Manager for OpenStack at Red Hat and Product Owner of Keystone, Heat, Horizon, RHEL OpenStack Platform Installer (Foreman/Puppet based Project Staypuft), Packstack, and OpenStack High Availability. In the past 14 years, Arthur has served in various management and technical positions in the high-tech industry, including working as a founder and technical lead of a start up, a product line lead, Linux consultant, technical pre/post sales, and as a Linux Instructor for Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE) exams. You can find Arthur on Twitter as @ArthurBerezin or on his blog at www.Berezins.com.)*
