Solving Distributed NFV Puzzle with OpenStack and SDN
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Many NFV use cases call for deployment of service elements at the provider network edge.  5G nodes, PGW, CPE, caches, all need to be placed near the end user to ensure efficient and cost-effective performance of the corresponding services.  With NFV, elements previously implemented as proprietary hardware appliances, can be virtualized, deployed on COTS servers and centrally managed.  In this presentation we'd like to share an approach to deploying distributed OpenStack-based NFV in a carrier network with an ultra-light edge composed of optimized Nova Compute Nodes and a centralized control plane placed in a provider DC with integrated SDN solution.  We'll discuss different deployment options, their advantages and disadvantages as well as present the learnings derived from a PoC deployment with a demo of the resulting solution.  In addition to addressing architectural challenges inherent to the distributed deployment model, we'll explore performance and distance related implications.


* **Rimma Iontel** *(Rimma Iontel, Senior Architect at Red Hat working on building NFV solutions for service providers as part of Red Hat Cloud Practice team.  After fourteen years with one of the major North American Service Providers, jointed Red Hat, working with service providers to make NFV platform a production reality with the help of Red Hat NFV solution, creating high performance and easy to manage future-proof networks that will enable new and exciting services for service provider customers.)*

* **Fernando  Oliveira** *(Fred Oliveira joined Verizon through the acquisition of CloudSwitch Corporation (http://web.archive.org/web/20130823173303/http://www.cloudswitch.com/), where as Chief Architect , he led the technology architecture and direction, and brought a wealth of experience in envisioning, designing and developing cutting-edge products. Prior to joining CloudSwitch, Fred was Chief Architect of the Cloud Infrastructure Group at EMC where he led the development of the Atmos next generation, multi-petabyte, policy-based storage system. He took this product from conception to initial customer delivery in an unprecedented two years time, building a new development team to over 100 people distributed across multiple continents. During his 10 year tenure at EMC, Fred was named a Distinguished Engineer and was a Senior Technologist in the Office of the CTO, where he led the technical due diligence of several potential partners (including VMware, Documentum and Smarts)  and technologies, and also managed the architecture teams for the Invista and PowerVolume products. He joined EMC through the acquisition of Conley Corporation, where he was Director of the PowerPath product. Before EMC, Fred held leadership roles at Stratus Computer, Apple Computer and Kendall Square Research. Fred has a BS in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Connecticut and has been granted more than 20 patents in the virtualization, system software and storage areas.)*

* **Rajneesh Bajpai** *(TBD)*
