A  generalization of the OpenStack networking model for L2 VPN MEF compliant SD-VPN service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

A strong analogy between the network models of Neutron and SD-VPN is presented. Using this analogy, a MEF compliant SD-VPN service was implemented while leveraging the generic network virtualization infrastructure of NetVirt in ODL. The resulting VPN service offers L2 and L3 connectivity between geographically remote locations each based on a local OpenFlow switch. A mapping service is used in order to allow information exchange between these locations for the purpose of MAC address, IP address and route distribution. The sites are interconnected by an overlay network carried on top of an arbitrary IP network. The presented solution allows for a MEF compliant SD-VPN service without dependency on technologies such as MPLS, strongly simplifying this process.


* **Gal Mainzer** *(In his role as Engineering Director at Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Gal is responsible for leading the architecture, design and implementation of all layers of HPE CSB’s ODL based SDN solution for the telco vEPC, vCPE & SFC usecases. Prior to his current role, Gal served as the senior software engineer of ConteXtream where he managed the J2EE engineering team of distributed systems and the company’s first tier 1 service provider SDN deployment. Gal brings more than 15 years of experience in leading, building, architecting and deploying small, medium and large scale products, including more than ten years focused on large scale, tier 1 carrier grade and enterprise products. Gal has held senior-level positions with Cisco and GOI and holds both a M.Sc and B.A. in Computer Science from Ha'Universita Ha'Petuha in Israel.)*

* **Ariel Noy** *(Ariel Noy, CTO, HPE ConteXtream Ariel Noy is responsible for setting the technical direction and architecture for HPE ConteXtream, a business unit of Communications Solution Business. Ariel co-founded ConteXtream and served as CTO for 9 years. Prior to ConteXtream, he was a technical leader at Cisco Systems, which he joined as a result of its acquisition of Sheer Networks, where he was a co-founder CTO and VP Engineering for 6 years. Prior to this, he led the architecture and design of a large-scale network management project at 3Com. Ariel holds a B.S. in Math and Computer Science from Tel Aviv University.    )*

* **David Goldberg** *(David is responsible for leading the architecture , design and implementation of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's OpenDaylight-based telco SD-WAN solution. David led HPE’s contribution to the LispFlowMapping project, and is now acting as the PTL of the UNI Manager project. Prior to HPE,  David was responsible for the development of network analysis tools during his army service in an elite technological group in the IDF Intelligence Corps. David holds a BA in Computer Science and Management (cum laude).)*
