Infrastructure and service modeling strategies to deploy NFV in production
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This panel brings together operators, tool and platform vendors, and telecom system integrators to discuss the challenges of obtaining meaningful and actionable insights when designing and deploying modern carrier-grade services in real world scenarios.  NFV and OpenStack provides vendors and network operators with transformational capabilities for service innovation and architectural flexibility. However, this flexibility introduces significant complexity in VNF service modeling, performance testing, verification and ongoing maintenance. The panel will explore how network operators can successfully manage OpenStack-based NFVI and VNF selection and onboarding. Including how automation frameworks together with comprehensive and integrated verification procedures are being used to accelerate service delivery, verify interoperability, performance, reliability and security.  


* **Diego Lopez** *(Since October 2011 I am in charge of Technology Exploration at the Global CTO Unit, within Telefónica I+D. My responsibilities are related to the definition and coordination of research projects in the areas of new networking technologies and network infrastructures. I am directly involved in activities related to network virtualization, core optimization, AAA, traffic analysis, and infrastructure security. I am actively participating in the ETSI ISG on Network Function Virtualisation (NFV), chairing its Technical Steering Committee.I am acting as representative of Telefónica in bodies related to network technologies, like the ONF and the BBF, and contributing to several working groups inside IETF. I have been appointed by the European Commission as member of the High Level Expert Group on Scientific Data e-Infrastructures (HLEG-SDI). I received my MS from the University of Granada in 1985, and my PhD degree from the University of Seville in 2001. Since 1985 I have worked for several private and public organisations, developing and deploying communication services.)*

* **Pierre Lynch** *(Pierre Lynch has been working in the wireless testing industry for 20 years, and is now a Lead Technologist, responsible for representing Ixia at various SDOs, forums and open source communities. He is currently the vice chair of the ETSI NFV ISG TST Working Group. He has been with Ixia since 2006, when he helped start and then guided the development of the wireless core network testing product line.)*

* **Artur Tyloch** *(Artur Tyloch is Canonical’s Global Telco Program Lead focusing on SDN and NFV requirements for Ubuntu customers and partners, as well as Telco ISV applications enabled through Canonical’s cloud ecosystem. Prior to Canonical, Artur ran software innovation projects and solutions at Nokia Networks Silicon Valley innovation center. He was also the architecture team lead, where he worked on various IoT, and BSS products and the core platforms. Artur specializes in NFV aspects of OpenStack enabled cloud architecture and is active in OPNFV, ETSI and other telco community and standards initiatives.)*

* **Michael Lazar** *(Michael Lazar is a veteran of the telecom industry, and has held C-level positions in system design, custom engineering and software development for the last two decades. He joined DataArt in 2016 to lead the company's telecom practice, focusing on the most demanding areas of the marketplace - systems performance, NFV, SDN & telecom security. Prior to joining DataArt, Mr. Lazar was Chief Technology Officer of Veloxum/Ambicom Holdings where he was responsible for developing system optimization software, and before that CTO of Network Physics, where he led the design and development of Voice over IP (VoIP) and Financial Information exchange (FIX) monitoring software. Prior to the CTO role, Michael was VP of Customer Advocacy at Network Physics, in charge of worldwide pre-sales engineering, post sales support, and custom engineering. Prior to Network Physics, Michael held senior technical roles at Datatec Systems and Spirian Technologies, Inc. Mr. Lazar holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Physics from New York’s Queens College and holds a patent for Systems and Methods of Tuning an Operating System, Application or Network Component.)*

* **Morgan Richomme** *(Morgan works as Network architect for innovative services in Orange. He is Orange Network open source evangelist and OPNFV representative. Primarily involved in IMS deployment for Orange affiliates, he managed the project Emerginov (OW2), an open source PHP PaaS that has been deployed in Africa. He has 10 years' experience in managing open source solutions. He is engaged in OPNFV testing group, as Functest Project Leader.)*
