VMWare Integrated Openstack with Gigaspaces Cloudify Orchestration for NFV - technical deep dive
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this session we will do a technical deep dive on  Cloudify  orchestration of  VMware Integrated Openstack resources through its Openstack plugin, and how to set up an configure this environment to make it Carrier-Grade and produciton ready.  In addition, we will explain how to orchestrate applications on multi-vim openstack environment where some resources are provisioned by VMware Integrated Openstack endpoints while others are provisioned via 3rd party Openstack distributions. We will discuss the entire service life cycle, from blueprinting, onboarding, scaling and deommissioning in this integrated platform.  In addition, we will explore how VMWare supplements the solution with its vRealize OPS product integration for unified and consolidated logging across Openstack, VMWare and Cloudify to present a unified FCAPS view of the entire infrastrcture. 


* **Vanessa Little** *(With over 25 years experience in various roles in network and system architecture, mobile video system architecture and governance in both telco and  retail sectors, Van has developed a diverse toolset.  Van spent much of her career as a contractor, working for every telco as well as major retailers in Canada over the years.  Having worked as everything from unix sysadmin to Chief Technical Officer with a number of leadership roles in between, Van has contributed to technologies from mobile, enterprise data centre, multi-national networks and beyond.  Now at VMware as the Sr Manager - Global NFV Ecosystem Architecutre Van is focused on leading integrated architectures that integrate all of the NFV partners across the globe in useful NFV solutions that solve for specific problems.  This role has her speaking at conferences around the world, and spreading the word about the strength of the NFV Ecosystem. Van attended the University of Toronto where she majored in Computer Science and Astro-Physics.  Van currently makes her home in Toronto Canada, where she enjoys spending her free time playing hockey, tennis and fishing.)*
