NFV Gets Real / lessons learned with Telcos
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Network Function Virtualization (NFV), Cloud in the core network of telecom operators, is one of the latest developments of Cloud. Join this session to learn about the challenges and requirements specific to Telcos, discover key Telco use-cases for NFV and the different approaches used to address these challenges. Hear about the experience of large telecom operators and network equipment providers (NEPs) implementing NFV use-cases. We will describe how some of the largest EMEA Telcos currently using VMware as the VIM platform for their vIMS VNF, are now in a journey toward Openstack as their VIM platform.  We will present the HPE NFV ecosystem (working with our open source VNF partners) and the different capabilities that we can demonstrate in our openNFV Labs.


* **Christian SCHUTZ** *(Christian Schutz work as an EMEA Cloud Pre Sales for HPE Cloud Business unit.I am supporting both PaaS/DevOPS and NFV/Openstack projects with large enterprise (including Tier 1 EMEA telecom operators).Helping key EMEA customers define their cloud strategy and helping them adopt and implement this new style of IT based on Cloud, NFV and PaaS solutions. Work around Public, Private and Hybrid solutions.I work closely with HP field to pursue cloud opportunities across EMEA and assist them to answers to customer RFx, produce solution designs and deliver solution presentations to customers.Representing HP at key industry events (HP Discover, Openstack Summit and Mobile World Congress).)*

* **sUdhindra Subbarao** *(Sudhindra Subbarao is the EMEA Region lead for the NFV POC COE works out of Grenoble, France. 11 years of experience in various roles – Development, Program management, Presales, Solutioning and Consulting. Recognized expert in Openstack, Cloud & Automation and Licensing domain.  Responsible for solution designing, deploying and demonstratng Carrier Grade POCs for various Telcos in EMEA and APJ.  Also responsible for solutioning Cloud brokerage solutions through a market palce portal (HP CSA /OO) to consume hetergoenous clouds spanning across private and public cloud providers. Be it AWS, Azure, HPE Helion or IBM Softlayer. And providing Technical Leadership in the area of Openstack, Cloud and Automation for Enterprise, Financial isntitution and Telcos.)*

* **christine Perrin** *(Christine Perrin is part of the Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Enterprise Group – EMEA Hybrid IT / Cloud Presales team, working as a Solution Architect. Christine is expert in solution offerings articulating end to end solutions, with hardware, software and services portfolio to address business needs in the cloud & NFV domains. Christine supports complex pursuits and accounts teams.)*
