OpenStack Adoption in Telcos for NFV: drivers and blocking factors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

We’ve been hearing a lot about the use of Network Function Virtualization (NFV) for delivering virtual network functions in a cloud. In this area, OpenStack has quickly gained a lot of attention from Telco Providers and Application Vendors. The evolution of OpenStack itself is strongly influenced by NFV requirements and use cases, and this is proven by the great amount of Blueprints and initiatives which are NFV-related (e.g. OpNFV). This nevertheless, the adoption of OpenStack in production is quite low, and most Telcos are still in evaluation mode, performing PoCs in their test labs. This session will present to attendees drivers and blocking factors for OpenStack adoption in the Telcos: why is OpenStack so appealing with respect to other platforms? What are the requirements that are driving its development and evolution? What are the blocking factors that are slowing down its adoption in production environments? And what are the community and vendors doing to address them?


* **Pierangelo Magli** *(Pierangelo holds a master's degree in Computer Engineering from Politecnico di Milano (Italy) and a Master of Science in Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Chicago (USA). He joined HPE in 2006 as part of the Italy Innovation Center, where he worked as Solution Architect, developing strong skills on Software Design, Agile Methodologies and Cloud Computing. Currently his main focus and area of interest is Network Functions Virtualization (NFV). His experience as NFV Solution Architect dates back to 2012 with the very first HPE NFV PoCs, followed by delivery projects in IMS and VoLTE domain.)*

* **Luca Galluppi** *(Luca holds a Bachelor degree in Software Engineering and joined HPE in 2007. As an Information Systems Architect, Luca led the development of custom CTI and VOIP solutions for Telco and FSI Customers. He is competent with Networking, SDN and Cloud. Luca has participated in NFV PoCs and Custom projects of Common NFV Infrastructure for Telco services since 2013. He is actively involved in EU sponsored innovation projects in the Telco and NFV solution space.)*
