The Implementation Synopsis of Gluon Core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

NFV brings new networking use cases in the L3 domain, for example, MPLS and L3VPN. Those new use cases need new networking APIs that are increasingly unlike Neutron, and need to be quickly developed and deployed in order to accelerate time-to-market and improve business agility. In addition, NFV requires the flexibility to use multiple networking back-ends in OpenStack, and to use multiple APIs and back-ends simultaneously. Gluon is a Model-Driven, Extensible Framework of NFV Networking Services that enable Telecom Service Providers to provide its customers with new NFV use cases on-demand. Gluon uses a model-driven approach to generate APIs from a YAML file which models the NFV Networking Service. Applications use those APIs to provide the new service. Thus, Gluon helps Telecom Service Providers accelerate the time-to-market and achieve business agility in NFV domain. This presentation gives an overview of the design and implementation of Gluon.


* **Bin Hu** *(Bin Hu is an innovation thought-leader and instrumental in diverse technology domains ranging from mobile Internet and web platform to network virtualization, SDN and cloud computing. He currently focuses on implementing AT&T's open source strategy in network virtualization, primarily through active participation in OPNFV. Bin is the convener of OPNFV's technical community, driving the cross-project collaboration of OPNFV community, including the cross-project topics such as Intent and common CI tooling, consensus of OPNFV projects from ideation and initiation (e.g. project proposals) to execution and deliverables (e.g. Blueprints) through weekly technical discussion. In addition, Bin Hu is the Project Lead of IPv6-enabled OPNFV project, and committer of some other projects such as ARM Band targeting to deploy OPNFV platform on ARM environment. He was the Winner of OPNFV 2015 Annual Award, and the recipient of OPNFV 2015 Q3 Collaboration Award. In addition, Bin was a recipient of OMA Contributor and Achievement Award for Outstanding Contribution in Content Delivery and Cloud Computing. Bin was also the Chairman of IEEE ComSoc SCV Chapter (2007 and 2009). Under his leadership, SCV Chapter won IEEE ComSoc Chapter Achievement Award of North America Region in 2009. Bin Hu’s previous speaking experience includes OPNFV Summit (2015), Open Networking Summit (2015), NFV World Congress (2015), OPNFV Session in OpenStack Summit (2015), OPNFV Hackfest (2015), OMA Messaging Workshop (2012), AppNation Conference (2011), SVIEF Conference (2011), SVC Wireless Conference (2011), SVC Wireless Mobile Apps Workshop (2011), RichComm (2010), and many others before 2010. Bin is the member of Program Committee of ONS 2016, ICSR 2016, OPNFV Summit 2015, and OPNFV Hackfest 2015.)*

* **Nikolas Hermanns** *(-)*

* **Thomas Hambleton** *(N/A)*
