osm.etsi.org identified gaps in OpenStack for high performance network applications.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Open Source Mano identified gaps and proposed solution from osm.etsi.org high perf networking use cases Use case is  virtual routers (vPE)  which interconnect from different regions, must reach the bandwidth of the physical lines (over 40 Gbps with small frame sizes), and be capable of managing directly ethernet framing, so that subinterfaces can be dynamically created and destroyed by the VNF based on in-band signaling. We achieved the goal with a combination of pci-passthrough and DPDK applications to achieve a scenario where 3 vPE could be automatically configured thanks to modeling and reach 99% usage of the 10G lines. We will deep dive into that issue and how we overcome them and directions we experiment. The examples being part of http://osm.etsi.org Release 0  can be reproduced.It is a call to the OpenStack community for providing the best solution for solving this use case.


* **Nicolas Thomas** *(Among the "founder" of the NfV realm, working on 2 of the initial use cases used to create ETSI NfV IG which defines and promote NfV. Member of ETSI NfV IG group before creation. 18 years of experience helping Telco use open platforms and ride the wave of IT innovation adapted to the telco space. Public speaker and hands-ons engineering. Former participant in Telco and platform standards : SAForum, Scope-Alliance, PICMG,  TC commite for OpenSAF and founder of CP-TA alliance. Currently NfV Solution Architect at Canonical, active participant to osm.etsi.org, ETSI NfV IG, OPNFV, Open-O https://fr.linkedin.com/in/nicolasthomasfr for details.)*

* **Francisco-Javier Ramón Salguero** *(Head of Network Virtualisation Initiative and NFV Reference Lab, Telefónica GCTO Unit | TI+DChairman of Open Source MANO Community Project | ETSI OSG OSM Since 2000 Francisco-Javier has worked in Telefónica. Former head of the IP Network Technologies group in Telefónica I+D, since 2008 he is head of the Network Virtualisation Initiative and the NFV Reference Lab in Telefónica GCTO Unit. Additionally, he has been chair of the Performance and Portability Expert Group and the Working Group of Testing, Experimentation and Open Source in ETSI NFV ISG  In April 2016, he was elected Chairman of Open Source MANO (ETSI OSG OSM) project on Management and Orchestration for NFV. His expertise areas are network virtualisation, IP network architecture, traffic capture and analysis, QoE modelling, network planning and dimensioning, routing and network performance. He is author of several patents and technical papers in these fields.   Francisco-Javier has achieved a Master Telecommunications Engineer qualification at the Technical School of Telecommunications Engineering of Málaga (Spain), 2000, and a Master's Degree in Economics at UNED (Spain), 2006.)*

* **Yann Rapaport** *(As Product Manager for 6WIND, Yann works closely with sales, marketing and R&D to define and implement the 6WINDGate and Speed Series roadmaps in coordination with 6WIND’s ecosystem of partners and customers. Yann has held diverse positions at 6WIND, starting as a QA engineer in 2001 to managing the software outsourcing team in Vietnam in 2004, then serving as a pre-sales engineer in the US in 2008 and managing the customer support team back in Paris in 2009. Yann holds a MSc in Computer Science, with a major in Systems and Networking, from ENSIMAG in France, which specializes in Computer Science and Applied Mathematics.)*
