Heterogeneous Cloud MANO deployment experiences and levaraging enterprise IT for NFV
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

We will present a PoC model for implementing a MANO deployment service offering distributed across an OpenStack Cloud,  a public cloud and an OpenShift (Kubernetes/Docker).  The service consists of multiple CloudRouter VNFs providing routing and VPN functionality across multiple clouds with the service terminating at a Container-based IMS.     The Open Source ManageIQ CMP, provides top-level orchestration including configuration of individual components through Ansible / Ansible Tower integration.  Tacker provides VNFM functionality within OpenStack while ManageIQ provides VNFM functionality in the public cloud.   TOSCA is used for service description. While OpenStack and NFV are at the heart of the POC,  we will show that a more practical way to accelerate the creation of an open source MANO is to start with a CMP product that already has most of the attributes for managing cloud-native applications and is already proven, by being widely deployed.


* **Pasi Vaananen** *(Pasi Vaananen is a NFV systems architect within the Red Hat Office of Technology, where he is responsible for advancing the Red Hat NFV system solution capabilities.  Currently, he is involved with many different initiatives such as, NFV MANO, system resiliency improvements and related community and standardization efforts. Mr. Vaananen has over 20 years of experience working on mission critical communications systems from companies such as Nokia, Motorola and Stratus. Previously, he held a systems architect role focused on SW & HW communication platforms, along with focus on other products in the broadband IP access and mobile network space. Vaananen is also currently participating in ETSI, OPNFV, OSM and Open-O activities, and has been previously active in efforts in e.g.  SCOPE alliance, IETF (MPLS and QoS), IEEE and  Broadband Forum. He holds over 10 US and international patents.)*

* **Aaron Smith** *( Aaron attended Swarthmore College as an undergrad and received his Masters and Ph.D. From Brown University in Electrical Engineering.  After a brief stay at Lincoln Laboratories, Aaron joined as an early member of a telecom startup and spent the next several years in either involved with system design or asic verification for telco.  After the telecom downturn, Aaron joined another early stage startup in an area now known as the "Internet of Things" helping to build one of the first cloud based HVAC control systems eventually reaching CTO of the company.  Aaron embraced early cloud efforts over the next few years at EMC and Stratus Technologies.  Aaron worked on an early CMP for OpenStack while at Stratus.  Aaron recently joined Red Hat in the NFV Partner Engineering group and has been able to continue working in the MANO and HA space.    "Cloud computing bears a striking resemblance to the work I was doing for my dissertation.  Cloud computing is very similar to massively parallel computing that was a research topic in the 80's and 90's.  It is rare to be able to work on what you studied in school"        )*

* **Andrew Toth** *(Andrew Toth has been developing software for over 20 years starting in the defense industry.  More recently, Andrew has been working in cloud computing and High Availablity at Stratus Technologies.  Andrew has concentrated on deploying VNFs into NFV environments focusings on HA and MANO.)*
