Monasca Bootcamp
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this sessions every attendee will download and use Monasca on their own laptops. You will learn by practical exercises how to configure Monasca to monitor your DevStack environment. Learn how to send metrics and logs to get acquainted with Kibana and Grafana to visualize your data. Finally, attendees will see how to use metrics and logs to create alerting rules, and how both of these entities can be correlated. This lab session will cover the following topics: Enhanced Monasca Horizon Grafana for metrics Kibana for logs Monasca REST API (metrics and logs) The Monasca CLI Deterministic Alarms Alarms on Logs Overview of the Monasca Agents (metrics and logs) Each attendee should come with his own laptop and will receive Devstack with Monasca installed.


* **Roland Hochmuth** *(Roland Hochmuth is a software architect, developer and evangelist at Hewlett Packard Enterprise and the Project Technical Lead (PTL) for the open-source OpenStack Monitoring-as-a-Service Monasca project. His current focus is on architecture, development and helping to lead the team that develops a highly performant, scalable and reliable turn-key monitoring and logging solution that leverages the industries newest trends and innovations around near real-time stream processing systems, analytics and big data, such as Apache Kafka, Apache Storm, Apache Spark, HPE Vertica and others. Prior to working on Monasca, he was an architect, developer and tech lead on the metrics processing pipeline for HP's Public Cloud. From roughly 2009-2012, he was an architect and tech lead on WebOS on the PC. From 2002-2009 he was a founder, architect, developer and tech lead on the highly successful remote desktop visualization product Remote Graphics Software (RGS), which served as the foundation for launching two products within HP, HP Workstation Blades and HP Halo Videoconferencing. In the early 2000's he worked on HP's e-utilica solution, which was a predecessor for cloud computing. From 1990-2000, he worked on 3-D graphics geometry processing, rasterization, and NURBS surface tessellation algorithms. Roland has experience in a number of software disciplines and domains ranging from 3-D computer graphics, remote desktop visualization, cloud computing and monitoring. He has a history of innovation and leading successful products and teams. He has around sixty to seventy patents and patent applications and frequently presents at conferences. In his free time he studies statistics and Deep Learning.)*

* **Kamil Choroba** *(I am a senior software developer at Fujitsu Enabling Software Technology in Munich for cloud management software. My current focus is on OpenStack Monitoring Service (Monasca).)*

* **Tomasz Trębski** *(What to tell...I am a guy whose work is his pride. I am always trying to push myself and others to try and see all variables of the equation as for me there's no ideal solution.There is no such thing as closed door that I wouldn't try to open, the only problem is the time I need to unlock it. I am a person who believes in all the things he can touch, smell and see.Raised to think for himself and to always fight for his beliefes.Never to back down, because nobody will give me what I desire. There are few things that I consider most important in my life, yet my wife and daughter happiness is one of those things.Everything I ever accomplished and will accomplish is dedicated to them.)*
