Hands-on Workshop: Learn about microservices architectures with Docker Swarm, Etcd, Kuryr, Neutron
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Microservices architectures are revolutionizing the way software is envisioned and built. OpenStack has started to play a key role in enabling the microservices architectures and focused groups inside OpenStack community are working towards this goal: Magnum, Kuryr etc.Docker is one of the key components here and combining them all, we get to build microservices architectures using tools like Docker Swarm, Etcd, Kuryr and Neutron. This workshop will provide attendees with the opportunity to gain experience with various Docker features and uses cases integrated with the OpenStack ecosystem. The lab will cover wide range of topics: Introduction to Docker and OpenStackDocker Swarm: Architecture and usageEtcdKuryr and Neutron: Architecture and usage with DevStackDeploying MicroservicesBreaking Docker, Kuryr and debugging it! Attendees simply need to come in (with their laptop). Workshop speaker/organizer will provide instructions and will be available to answer any questions.


* **Fawad Khaliq** *(Fawad has been a member of the OpenStack community for over four years and a core developer in the Networking ecosystem. He has contributions in several OpenStack projects including Neutron, Nova, Kuryr, Magnum, DevStack. He is also the author and maintainer of networking-plumgrid subproject under Neutron umbrella and has over four years experience in implementing software defined networking, containers, high availability, distributed system and APIs. Fawad is a Senior Software Engineer at PLUMgrid, where he is involved in design and development of cloud computing software components, solving networking problem for new technologies and representing PLUMgrid in various open source forums. Currently, he is working on improving the area of container networking in the OpenStack, Docker and Mesos communities. In future, he plans to solve the problem of application service discovery inside the OpenStack ecosystem. )*
