The Ceph Power Show :: Hands-on Lab to learn Ceph "The most popular Cinder backend"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Roll up your sleeves and learn deploying, configuring and provisioning storage using Ceph. Below is our agenda where attendees will be investing their 90-minute to learn about Opening Presentation [15 min] Ceph introduction & architecture Integration status: OpenStack & Ceph Ceph use cases wrt OpenStack components Hands-on Lab [60 mins] Create virtual infrastructure on public cloud for Ceph cluster Using ansible to Install and configure multi node Ceph Jewel cluster Setup & provision Ceph Block storage Setup & provision Ceph Object storage via swift and S3 Closing Presentation [15 mins] Case study: what performance you can expect from Ceph Q&A Attendees will get some free credits to Red Hat Ceph Storage Test Drive portal, that they can use later for learning and evaluating Red Hat {Ceph,Gluster} Storage. Ceph is open source SDS which tightly integrated with several OpenStack components such as Cinder,Glance,Nova,Swift,Keystone,Manila & Ceilometer. See http://ceph.com/


* **Karan Singh** *(Karan Singh is working as senior storage architect at Red Hat based in Finland. At Red Hat his responsibilities include designing, implementing and testing various reference architectures, performance and sizing guides based on Ceph. He is deeply involved in Ceph performance evaluation across wide range workloads and industry standard hardware from different providers. Karan has been working with OpenStack, Ceph, DevOps tools and helped building multiple IaaS clouds at CSC-IT Center for Science where he worked before Red Hat. Karan enjoys writing and has authored a few titles on Ceph Learning Ceph : https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/learning-ceph Ceph Cookbook : https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/ceph-cookbook  He devotes a part of his time to R&D and learning new technologies. When not working on Ceph and OpenStack, Karan can be found working with emerging technologies or automating stuffs. He loves writing about technologies and is an avid blogger at www.ksingh.co.in.)*

* **Brent Compton** *(Brent Compton is Director Storage Solution Architectures at Red Hat, leading the team responsible for building Ceph and Gluster storage reference architectures with Red Hat Storage partners.  Before Red Hat, Brent was responsible for emerging non-volatile memory software technologies at Fusion-io.  Previous enterprise software leadership roles include VP Product Management at Micromuse (now IBM Tivoli Netcool) and Product Marketing Director within HP’s OpenView software division.  Within enterprise IT, Brent also served as Director Middleware Development Platforms at the LDS Church and as CIO at Joint Commission International. Clips from a recent conference presentation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngsxyn2dfus&feature=youtu.be)*
