Help: I have Trove deployed, how do I build guest images?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

"Help: I have Trove deployed, how do I build guest images?"   This is the #1 question asked by new users of Trove, the OpenStack DBaaS project.   Trove allows users to provision and manage the lifecycle of over a dozen relational and NoSQL databases. To operate Trove, users register guest images for specific database versions, and users can then request instances, replicated pairs, or clusters of those databases. A vital step in making this possible is to build these guest images.   This talk walks users through the process for creating guest images using tools provided by the Trove upstream project. Attendees will learn about the Trove architecture, and learn how to use the OpenStack DiskImage Builder tool to build database images for operation with Trove.   The presenters are Mariam John (of IBM), Amrith Kumar (of Tesora) who are contributors to the Trove project, and Gregory Haynes (of IBM) who is a contributor to the diskimage-builder tool.


* **Amrith Kumar** *(Amrith Kumar is an active technical contributor to the OpenStack project, and a member of the Trove core review team. He is also a member of the OpenStack Foundation Job Analysis Task Force and an author of the book on OpenStack Trove. He is the author of the book on OpenStack Trove (published by Apress, http://www.apress.com/9781484212226). He brings more than two decades of experience delivering industry-leading products for companies specializing in enterprise storage applications, fault tolerant high performance systems and massively parallel databases to Tesora, which he co-founded. Earlier, he served as vice president of technology and product management at Dataupia, maker of the Satori Data Warehousing platform , and Sepaton’s director and general manager where he was responsible for the development of the core virtual tape library product. As a director of product development at Netezza, he managed end-to-end product delivery for all customers and prospects. Amrith studied mathematics at the University of Madras (India) and management at the Indian Institute of Management. )*

* **Mariam John** *(Mariam John is a Software Engineer in the IBM Cloud Architecture and Technology organization. Mariam started working on Openstack during the Icehouse release and is currently an active technical contributor and Core on the Trove project. Prior to that, she worked on different product development and advanced technology teams related to business service management, autonomic computing and capacity planning within IBM.)*

* **Gregory Haynes** *(Greg is an Open Source hacker and technology enthusiast who has contributed to a wide variety of projects both in and out of OpenStack. In his spare time, he enjoys fishing, making flying robots, and trying to come up with ways to combine the two.)*
