Learn to debug OpenStack code - a hands-on with the Python debugger and PyCharm.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Learning to debug the OpenStack code can save you tons of time. If you are looking to contribute to OpenStack, this is an essential skill! In this introductory hands-on session,  you will learn how to use Python debugger (pdb) and PyCharm to debug OpenStack code.  We will cover the following: Make code changes to an OpenStack subsystem Deploy the code to devstack Run the debugger (both pdb and PyCharm) Step through your code changes We will also show how PyCharm can be used for remote debugging, where PyCharm is run on a local machine and devstack is on a remote virtual machine. Please bring your laptops with VirtualBox installed. We will provide you with a VM image that has devstack and debugging tools. Once you instantiate the VM in your laptop, you will be able to start debugging the code.


* **Vincent Button** *(Director of Innovation at AT&T Foundry, Plano Vincent has been a coder, an engineer and an innovator for over 20 years.  He's worked with most emerging technologies from VoIP, to PONS, to IPTV, to Connected Cars, and now to the Openstack Cloud. Through Innovation and Entreprenurial engagement, Vincent has worked with the AT&T Foundry to bring compelling new solutions to market, and now accelerates AT&T's transition to a software based company using Openstack and SDN. As Co-Foundry of the Gravity Center incubator in Plano, he created an environment that became host to 20 North Texas startup companies.  The Gravity Center was superceded by The DEC which serves entrepreneurial startups community in Dallas. As Solution Specialist with Alcatel-Lucent and ngConnect Vincent created prototyped new solutions using emerging technologies such as IPTV, Augmented Reality, and Mobile Apps.    )*

* **Kamal Hussain** *(Kamal has close to 20 years of experience software engineering, team leadership and entrepreneurship. He has worked on more than 30 projects as a team leader, architect and software engineer. His areas of expertise include cloud, software defined networking, open source software, Linux and web applications.  He has worked on different programming languages such as Python, Java, Perl, PHP and Javascript. He has built both platform and application software products and has experience in procedural, object oriented and functional programming paradigms. He likes building products that solving real customer problems. He has been instrumental in creating many innovative ideas that have become part of Nokia's product offerings. Kamal likes exploring new ideas, learning new technologies and helping the community.)*
