TryStack: The Free OpenStack Community Sandbox
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The OpenStack Foundation and several generous corporate sponsors (including Red Hat, Dell, Cisco, and NetApp) have deployed TryStack.org, a free way for folks to learn more about OpenStack and it’s capabilities. TryStack is a public, production OpenStack instance and the maintainers have learned a great deal about maintenance, upgrades, automation and gotchas around running a large public cloud (25,000 users, 5,000 active users per release). This talk will cover: The history of Trystack Give insight into deployment architecture and underlying components Demonstration of the various capabilities of TryStack Overview and sharing of post-deployment ops tooling and automation Talk about the roadmap of how TryStack is evolving with OpenStack Journey to implementing OpenStackID for primary authentication on Mitaka and beyond.


* **Will Foster** *(Will Foster has been working at Red Hat since 2007 as a Sr. Systems Engineer, managing enterprise IT storage and core production infrastructure.  Since 2013 Will has been part of a small DevOps Engineering team focused on design, architecture and deployment of internal/external OpenStack, CI and R&D infrastructure.Other areas of concentration include scale and performance of real-world OpenStack customer deployments and production workloads, he is also a core contributor to the Browbeat Project (browbeatproject.org) which focuses on scalability, performance and tuning of OpenStack.  In addition to this Will serves as one of the core Engineers/Operators for Trystack.org on behalf of the OpenStack Foundation.  You can find Will over at https://hobo.house)*

* **Kambiz Aghaiepour** *(Kambiz Aghaiepour is a principal software engineer with over 25 years of IT experience helping to grow IT infrastructure and services for large global organizations including Red Hat, as well as Duke University.  Kambiz is currently working for Red Hat, and since 2013 has been a part of the Engineering Cloud R&D group working on the OpenStack Deployment team. Most recently he has been putting his OpenStack experience to use as part of a team running a large OpenStack scale test environment within Red Hat.    In addition to OpenStack scale, Kambiz co-manages the RDO based TryStack environment, a free OpenStack sandbox environment to help users get familiar with OpenStack and see how their applications perform in the cloud.)*
