Enterprise Readiness - Are we there yet?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Wondering if OpenStack is really ready for prime time? Has anyone been testing it from an operator's perspective, addressing real-world requirements? The OpenStack Innovation Center (OSIC) has been engaged in doing just that over the last 6 months, working closely with the rest of the community. We've had novices walk through an install of all the core services and made changes in the documentation, scaled a running cloud all the way up to 300 nodes with documented best practices, and added rolling upgrade capabilities and tested them when complete. Attend this session to get a good understanding of OpenStack's readiness for serious production deployment in the Enterprise, and of the areas that still need work. We'll also cover the status of the 2000-node cluster that we have had up and running for some time, and the kind of use it has been put to by the community


* **Krish Raghuram** *(Krish is a Datacenter Software Planner in the Open Source Technology Center at Intel, working closely with partners like Rackspace to align the engineering roadmaps for upstream OpenStack software contributions. Prior to this, he collaborated with leading vendors to promote and evangelize OpenStack cloud software to large end-users through workshops and proof-of-concept exercises. Krish has 15+ years of experience in the datacenter software space while at Intel, engaging with and making the case for software developers to take advantage of new capabilities in the hardware platforms. An accomplished tennis player in his college days, he continues to stay in touch with the sport.)*

* **Kenny Johnston** *(Kenny Johnston is the Rackspace Alliance Manager for the OpenStack Innovation Center (OSIC). Prior to joining OSIC Kenny was a Senior Product Manager on the Rackspace Private Cloud powered by OpenStack product team. He brings more than four years of experience with OpenStack, having joined Rackspace from HP’s Helion OpenStack Distribution. Kenny is passionate about the importance of and challenges in open-sourced projects and is a member of the OpenStack Product Working Group. Kenny lives in Leawood, Kansas with his wife and two children.  )*
