OpenStack Uno - Cero - Uno (En Español)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

According to the European Union, only 22% of Spaniards can speak english fluently. As the OpenStack Community comes to spanish speaking country for the first time, we are looking into having a quickstart version in Spanish (language and culture) around OpenStack. We are bringing a panel of native speakers from a variety of vendors. Looking to answer relevant questions on the state of the art of OpenStack within the spanish speaking communities. We will cover: case studies, Users, Projects & evolution   Según un informe de la unión europea, sólo un 22% de los españoles hablan inglés con fluidez. Aprovechando que la comunidad OpenStack acerca su reunión semestral por primera vez a un país de habla hispana, daremos una visión general en nuestro idioma y cultura del mundo OpenStack. Un panel de expertos dará respuesta a las preguntas más relevantes del estado de la tecnología OpenStack en las comunidades de habla hispana. Cubriremos: Casos de uso, usuarios, Proyectos y evolución  


* **Pedro Navarro Perez** *(Pedro Navarro works as an OpenStack specialist at Red Hat. I have done training, coding, configuration and installation of OpenStack and I am a major contributor of OpenStack on Hyper-V.)*

* **Omar Lara** *(Omar Lara has served as consultant and promoter of FLOSS in both private and public sector in the last 15 years as an expert in Cloud Computing for the hosting industry in Latin America, he has led the largest Latin America OpenStack strategy for the most important datacenters in the region and a former CTO of the largest hosting company in Mexico, currently he serves as solutions architect for Latin America at Canonical, showing the best open source tools by the openstack market share leader in the region.)*

* **Alejandro Comisario** *(Alejandro has been on IT for over 11 years, Debian Linux and Python fan, Alejandro has been around OpenSource for quite long, born as a C++ developer on his early years, passed over Infrastructure and learned to love performance, scaling & automation on linux.Passing thru companies like Techint (A leading global manufacturer and supplier of steel tubes) and Sony as a Linux Senior Sysadmin, Alejandro was Cloud Services  head technical leader being one of the founders of the Mercadolibre's private cloud, the biggest Latin America's openstack private cloud. Investigate cutting edge technology to constantly implement to orchestrate the Openstack private cloud, to make sure the high availability and performance of the platform. Alejandro is now CTO at nubeliu.com, the first Latin American company to bring openstack to the region, making sure that all the biggest till the smallest companies know that openstack its the best that )*

* **Arturo Suarez** *(I am the BootStack and Training Product Manager for Canonical. BootStack is the managed hosted (or on-prem) cloud service offered by the leading OpenStack OS company. The service includes a unique combination of long pursued features within the industry: SLA driven, optional cloud control transfer and reasonable commitment period. We manage your cloud as if it was our own, literally. After pitching OpenStack to several hundreds of companies, I do believe this unique combination constitutes the easiest way to enjoy the benefits of OpenStack without shifting a large quantity of resources from other, probably more relevant, tasks. I have been selling, talking and living OpenStack since its creation in 2010. That very same year, I co-founded an OpenStack native company that made the first OpenStack Distribution available worldwide. I am also a regular speaker in OpenStack, Hosting or Cloud events worldwide. Prior to OpenStack...there is nothing)*
