MythBusting OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

We've all heard people say things like, "OpenStack is a competitor to AWS and VMware," or "OpenStack is a turnkey cloud solution," or even "OpenStack kills and replaces your virtual infrastructure solution."  While it's true that OpenStack provides a solution for many people with many different interests and goals, there are some obstacles that we need to be vigilant about pushing back on. After working with many OpenStack customers we have realized that in many cases the reality is not meeting the expectations and we want to help make a clear separation for everyone's benefit. It is important for new stackers to understand the realities, separate them from the myths, and recognize how it can really help them.  In addition of debunking myths, we will illustrate how stackers can bring a new set of realities and possibilities back to their teams, developers and organization. Based on our experience, these key takeaways will help you bring some of the misconceptions to reality.          


* **Julio Colon** *(I’m a Consultant Software Engineer for Emerging Technology Division.  I have been working EMC Storage Arrays and SAN technologies for about 15 years.  During my time at EMC I have performed multiple roles: Quality Engineering, Developer, Security, QA Manager, Development Manager, and Release Manager.  My current roles cover: deployments, software and hardware testing, customer enablement, engineering escalations, apps and tools development. When I am not working in EMC, I like to work with new technologies (e.g. IoT electronics, computer languages), mentoring, and spend time with the family.)*

* **Patrick Butler Monterde** *(Patrick is the Director of the EMCCode developer Program, at EMC. He manages the team responsible for developing building blocks (architectures, demos, tools, etc...) to help developer communities implement solutions using EMC software and hardware platforms. Prior to joining EMC, Patrick had multiple roles at Microsoft. From Cloud Architect, responsible for developing Cloud strategy and Cloud IP for Microsoft Services, to Worldwide Windows Azure Technical Sales Specialist responsible for helping global enterprise customers to successfully adopt the Windows Azure platform. Before to joining Microsoft, Patrick held a number of positions from development, management to software architecture. Patrick specializes in Cloud Computing, distributed architectures and has a passion for building resilient software. Patrick spends most of his free time traveling seeking the best beaches in the world, trying new technologies, and taking care of his biggest fans, which call him: Papa!)*

* **Diego Casati** *(Diego is currently working as a Corporate Systems Engineer  within  EMC’s Advanced Software Division  where he have the privilege to interact with various engineering teams, helping customers to get the most out of their clound computing systems. His previosly worked in the Telecom and IT industries as a Network Engineer, Systems Engineer, Customer Support Engineer,  Systems Integration Engineer and as a Web Security Specialist. On his spare time, he enjoy's learning more about OpenStack, BSDs and reading about sci-fi.    )*
