What’s on deck for OpenStack? Learn about the Community Roadmap!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The OpenStack community of projects is growing and evolving. To help all of us stay current, the Product Work Group creates a Community Roadmap, with the help and support of the PTLs and technical community. This condensed, simplified roadmap outlines the capabilities you can expect in the upcoming OpenStack releases.  In this session we'll present our findings across the different projects in an effort to give users a glimpse into OpenStack's upcoming capabilities.  The roadmap presented will span multiple releases and strive to unify the future direction of the individual projects on a per release basis.  We’ll also provide an update on Product Management in our Community and how you can get involved and contribute.


* **Carol Barrett** *(Carol is a 30+ yr high tech veteran, currently working within the Open Source Technology Center at Intel Corporation. She has broad software development experience ranging from weapon control systems on submarines to web based kids games to data center applications. She’s held many roles in her career including: Software Engineer, Engineering Manager, Business Development, Technology Marketing, Brand Management, Operations, Product Management and Planning. She’s worked in several technology startups and learned that success is “all about the people”. It’s this understanding that brings her to the OpenStack community and drives her community engagements.)*

* **Rochelle Grober** *(Rocky is an industry veteran, with experience spanning computer bring up to AI, networks and embedded. But her attention always seems to return to close to the metal, large infrastructure. Starting out in EE, she migrated to SW development then on to QA and SW Process, which is why she is a champion for operations, interoperability and usability. She has been aware and peripherally involved in Open Source since the original creation of Copy Left, but is finally fully emersed in it now, as an OpenStack resource within Huawei. She brings many years of experience in large scale systems and operations, SOA, SAAS, mobile (oh, wait, that's not a TLA!) to the table, along with experience in multiple verticals and other business jargon. But most importantly, she melds a passion for quality performance with a pragmatism gained in the real world.)*

* **Kenny Johnston** *(Kenny Johnston is the Rackspace Alliance Manager for the OpenStack Innovation Center (OSIC). Prior to joining OSIC Kenny was a Senior Product Manager on the Rackspace Private Cloud powered by OpenStack product team. He brings more than four years of experience with OpenStack, having joined Rackspace from HP’s Helion OpenStack Distribution. Kenny is passionate about the importance of and challenges in open-sourced projects and is a member of the OpenStack Product Working Group. Kenny lives in Leawood, Kansas with his wife and two children.  )*
