The Good, Bad and Ugly: OpenStack Consumption Models
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Panelist : Amar Kapadia (Mirantis), James Page (Canonical), and VS Joshi from EMC. Moderator: Ashish Nadkarni (IDC) In this panel, experts will discuss the pros and cons of various OpenStack consumption models. We will take a critical view of the various options that are available for building an OpenStack cloud. Is DIY the best path or are there trade-offs? Should you be concerned with vendor lock-in leveraging a distribution or turnkey model? What considerations should you take into account when deciding between these options of DIY or Distro or Turnkey? Join these experts as they discuss the good, the bad, and the ugly with each path to a building a successful OpenStack powered organization.  


* **VS Joshi** *(A Storage and Data Management industry professional with 12 plus years of experience with Compaq, EMC and NetApp. written multiple articles in industry publications about varied topics ranging from Object storage, Information Life cycle management, autoprovisioning etc. Until recently, a founder of a startup that built a cloud native social mobile app. The app was selected as one of the hottest app in the marketplace by Mashable.)*

* **Amar Kapadia** *(Amar Kapadia is senior director of product marketing at Mirantis, the pure-play OpenStack company. Amar is also an OpenStack blogger and published his first book on OpenStack Swift in 2013. Before Mirantis, Amar was at EVault, where he helped build EVault's public cloud storage, called Long-Term Storage Service (LTS2) using OpenStack Swift. He has also worked at Emulex, VLSI, and HP on data center infrastructure technologies. Amar has an  MS in EE from UC Berkeley. Amar has also spoken at conferences such as OpenStack summit and Clouded Leopards Den.)*

* **James Page** *(James as been involved in Open Source software since 2000, evangelising and delivering the use of Free and Open Source technologies in a major UK bank. In 2010, James discovered Ubuntu and became involved in both the development of Ubuntu and shortly afterwards OpenStack. James is part of the team responsible for delivering and supporting OpenStack as part of every Ubuntu release and for the Juju Charms for OpenStack, the best way for deploying and managing OpenStack deployments on Ubuntu at any scale.)*

* **Ashish Nadkarni** *(Ashish Nadkarni is an Analyst and Research Director within IDC's worldwide infrastructure practice, which includes research on servers and operating environments, storage systems and software, and networking infrastructure for enterprise and cloud data centers.  As a part of IDC’s Storage, Ashish oversees research on software-defined storage, storage for Big Data and Analytics, Data Protection and Archiving, and Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery. He also participates in activities related to research on enterprise and cloud storage systems and software, software-defined infrastructure, infrastructure for and in the cloud. Ashish co-leads IDC's Global Overview program on Big Data and Analytics, one of the four pillar programs of IDC 3rd platform research agenda. This program tracks the infrastructure and software technologies associated with Big Data and Analytics. It also covers research on a wide range of related services, integration strategies, use cases, and go-to-market strategies.)*
