Hardening Security Inside Out for OpenStack Services
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Security is changing rapidly as attacks evolve beyond DDoS, brute force, browser, or shellshock type methods. While firewalls and perimeter based designs are standard practice, new security approaches are emerging as virtualization and cloud become prevalent and provide additional layers of security that may not be available previously. From preventative to active security techniques, OpenStack operators have the opportunity to secure north-south and east-west traffic not only from bare metal machines, but virtual machines and containers on a per tenant basis with hardened OS, active insertion of firewalls anywhere in virtual topologies to monitoring security by using policy-based virtual TAP and advanced GUI views. In this session, speakers will discuss how security models are changing with the onset of virtualization and cloud, and what tools are available for OpenStack operators to bolster their security.


* **Wendy Cartee** *(Wendy Cartee is VP of Product Management and Marketing at PLUMgrid, Inc., the leader of secure and scalable Container and OpenStack networking for companies building private and public clouds.  Wendy has participated in open source and standards activities for many years, and helped launch the IO Visor Project which is part of the Linux Foundation. Prior to PLUMgrid, Wendy worked for companies such as Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, and HP.    An avid technology and user advocate, Wendy has 8 U.S. patents in networking technologies and is listed in the CCIE Hall of Fame.  She provides pro-bono consulting through Stanford Developing Economies and volunteers for STEM initiatives. Wendy has a BSEE/MBA, and is a graduate of the Stanford Executive Program from the Graduate School of Business.)*

* **Bryan Thompson** *(Bryan Thompson is a Sr. Director of Product Management at Rackspace and leads the product team for Rackspace Private Cloud.  Prior to joining Rackspace, Bryan served as VP of Product management at Tier 3 and held product and technology leadership roles at Limelight Networks and Amazon.com.  He brings over fifteen years of experience in technology building, deploying and operating solutions for the enterprise.)*
