Securing Intra-Cloud via Distributed Security - Contain, Block, and Neutralize Attacks Anywhere
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

While firewalls are effectively deployed for perimeter security across different cloud networks, the problem remains for securing traffic inside a cloud with multiple tenants. One way to address this is via distributed virtual security with policies that protect north-south and east-west traffic within a cloud. With overlay topologies, distributed virtual firewalls can be deployed in multi-tenant networks. With distributed virtual firewalls, operators can distribute, automate actions such as contain, block, redirect to neutralize attacks by bringing up firewall instances anywhere in a cloud. Topics will include:      Holistic solution approach: Multi-vendor Integration to deliver solutions faster        Securing north-south and east-west traffic      Role of overlay networks and micro-segmentation      Virtual security policies and distributed virtual firewalls      Deployment scenarios such as securing 3-tier applications      Demo of virtual distributed security


* **Ivan Bojer** *(Customer-focused technologist with 10+ years of diverse technology and leadership experience. Mr. Bojer is experienced in building new products and creating solutions that yield new product features in order to simplify complex use and increase adoption by customers and the channel. Ivan joined the ‘cloud movement’ because he sees how disruptive the cloud is in Enterprise IT with strong belief that cloud security is a complex subject that is just now emerging after being an afterthought for a longest time.)*

* **Siddharth Gogar** *(Siddharth Gogar has completed Masters in Computer Engineering from NYU Polytechnic School of Engineering and has received a Bachelor's degree in Electronics and Telecommunications from University of Mumbai. He is currently working as an SDN Developers in RackScale Platform group with Flex | Ciii. He was SDN intern at Intel Corporation working on enabling SDN and NFV solutions on Intel Architecture in Spring 2015 and Summer Technology Intern at AIG for developing dashboard for team leads of support team. He has previous experience of working in a team deploying OpenStack Cloud and managing Hadoop Clusters. His interests includes computer networks and cloud technologies and believes in the concept of 'Digital Sandbox' which helps in creating a test environment different from production environment where industry experts and fresh graduates can collaborate to learn new ideas and technologies. He also enjoys playing volleyball and ping pong in free time.)*

* **Jamal Arif** *(I am currently involved in building SDN based OpenStack Private/Public Cloud infrastructures for various range of customers including enterprises, telcos, & service providers etc. Working with Dev-Ops and Network Operations teams to design and implement highly available, scalable and secure multi-tenant cloud systems for different cloud computing models (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS), and using virtualization techniques for networks functions virtualization. Have earlier experiences in core IP and telecommunication networks (CS/PS Core networks and IP/MPLS Networks) working in a multi-vendor environment (NSN Rel4, Huawei R4, Cisco, Juniper). In addition have hands-on knowledge of NGN networks (3G, 4G LTE), and legacy 2G GSM TDM networks, and Core & IP signaling protocols.)*
