Maintaining Privacy and Security on Your OpenStack Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

As OpenStack continues to evolve to the on-premises cloud of choice, it never hurts to review your deployments of OpenStack with a keen focus on Privacy and Security. This presentation will focus on these concepts and provide practical experiences from Enterprise users such as Technicolor. Peter Lopez III of Technicolor leads their corporate architecture team pertaining to Cloud Technologies and operational methodologies, including Cloud Security, and will explain what steps they take to maintain the security of their cloud, such as writing secure code, appropriate patch management, and making sure that development teams understand what's expected of them.


* **Bruce Basil Mathews** *(Bruce has been a Senior Solutions Architect in the computer industry for almost forty years, working at Information International, Inc., Symbolics, Inc. Prime Computers, Inc., Computervision, Sun Microsystems, Hewlett-Packard, and now Mirantis. During his career, Bruce has provided integration services, application development, and large scale deployments for major corporate initiatives at companies such as PayPal, Salesforce.com, Wells Fargo, McKessen, Intel, and Dreamworks, Technicolor, American Express, CitrixOnLine, and Amgen to name a few. Bruce became involved with OpenStack in 2010 as a member of Hewlett-Packard’s Public Cloud team where he successfully on-boarded more than fifty customers, migrating application services from in-house to OpenStack on versions from Diablo+ to Grizzly, living with them through the upgrade process. Bruce was also heavily involved with the initial release of HP’s Helion Openstack based on the Juno release. Bruce has maintained an active role in the OpenStack, Big Data and Open Source communities. He is certified as an Administrator for OpenStack, Cloudera, and MapR.Customer engagements have typically included technical design, build, implementation, customization, integration and ongoing administration of multi-vendor servers, storage, SAN and network elements, hosted on-premises, implemented as a managed service, and/or publically hosted in the cloud.  Successful implementations have generally included multi-vendor Operating Systems (Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, Irix, RedHat, Ubuntu, CentOS, Debian, Fedora, Windows and Mac,) multi-vendor databases (Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, DB2, Sybase, Informix, PostGres, GreenPlum, Vertica, Cache, etc.) and NoSQL offerings such as CouchBase, CouchDB, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc. Applications implemented and supported have included a wide variety of multi-vendor commercial and non-commercial applications such as Microsoft ERP, Data Warehousing and Business Analytics, SAP, Oracle Manufacturing and Financials, PeopleSoft, etc. and Big Data solutions such as Cloudera, MapR, HortonWorks, and the eco-system that supports them based on Six Sigma methodologies. )*

* **Peter Lopez** *(Peter leads corporate architecture for Cloud Technologies, Platform Development and operational methodologies at Technicolor. He has been responsible for architecting an SDDC implementation leveraging existing technologies and services while establishing cloud services both on premise and off. Prior to Technicolor, Peter led systems architecture and engineering at companies such as Walt Disney, Northrop Grumman, Nicholas Enterprises and Westfiled. Peter has spoken at conferences such as Citrix Synergy, DockerCon, Okta Oktaine, ArchiTECHS Spring Invitational and CloudStack Collaboration Conference.)*
