Nokia - SDN & NFV: Security & Threat Detection with Nuage Networks and CloudBand
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Security is a major concern within Cloud Infrastructures. With an exponential growth in IoT and mobile devices, cyber thieves are using malware to take advantage of the increased attack surface to access sensitive personal & business information. Malware does not just affect the end-user, but also affects performance and signaling of the cloud network. This session will demonstrate an OpenStack Security Solution, named NetGuard Endpoint Security, used to detect IoT and network traffic infection for Mobile & Enterprise Networks. We will present key concepts of an OpenStack Cloud Infrastructure and include new innovations that every enterprise is trying to understand and include in their cloud. These concepts are: Orchestration of the SDN-vProbe, Virtual NIDS, and Analytics Portal; using Nuage and CloudBand -OpenStack. Virtual Tapping of high throughput network traffic. A new tapping mechanism requiring no tapping infrastructure be available within OpenStack.  SDN Service Chaining.  


* **Sami Assaad** *(I have worked for some of the most influential IT and Engineering companies on the globe; Nortel Network, Ericsson, Alcatel-Lucent, and now at Nokia. My recent experiences range from the Design & Development of Virtual Machines, security applications, Intel DPDK, Network Function Virtualization (NFV), CentOS/Redhat Linux 6-7, using Intel & HP equipment, Client/Server VM Applications, Network Load Balancing, SR-IOV, PCI Pass-through, Packet Decoding, VM Performance Measurements, etc... Additionally, I have a strong background in the design of Wireless Networks, specifically with Modem design for LTE, UMTS, and WCDMA networks. I lead a team that introduced the first virtual UMTS solution which was demoed at MWC 2012. We used this virtual UMTS solution to present a seamless handover of a mobile between a Carrier Network and local Wifi. This demonstration won the "Best Infrastructure Technology Award" for the Light-Radio Network at MWC 2012. I studied at Concordia University, in Montreal, Quebec. During my studies I was the Recipient of the Prix Bombardier Award for 'Entrepreneurial Design Marketability’ (Province of Quebec Engineering Competition – 1988. Subsequently selected to compete in Moncton, N.B. at the 1988 Canadian Engineering Competition.)*
