How to make legacy systems compliant without needing to change them by using smarter clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Regulatory agencies are launching new regulations and directives at a great pace. GDPR, NIS, Basel, Solvency are just a few that the EU are spitting out. The challenges are that how do you take the regulations and the laws and translate them into technical demands and solutions. Then how do you make your legacy systems that run as an internal organ in your organization compliant with modern standard. Often rebuilding them would be the equivalent of open heart surgery.  The solution is a smarter cloud. By utilizing the new features OpenStack has to offer you can keep your legacy systems and still be compliant.  We will take out important demands from all the regulations and map them against standards like ISO270xx. Then we will show you a high level architecture that is compliant for Internet banking within the EU. That standard will be good enough for most other applications as well. We will look at both tech and processes that are required.


* **Kim Hindart** *(Huge Open Source fan boy and developer. With a background in mobility and especially Symbian and Android. I am a really geeky dude that was forced to handle security and compliance so the only coding I do is on my spare time. Luckily that's also what I like to do in my spre time, work. But real work and not just a lot of complinace and regulations but something that is acctually for the betterment of mankind.  Unfortunately I happen to bee good at security, especially social engineering, and now I am stuck. But I am happy to share my knowledge and experience in making thins both secure and compliant. And no they are not alwas the same thing.  Compliance is solved through the cloud. Epecially smarter clouds. OpenStack is the key to this. OpenStack is 42 to compliance. One stack to forever in the darkness bind them.  )*
