How to futureproof your OpenStack Deployment to ensure compliance with GDPR
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

General Data Protection Regulation is here and it is law so come 25th of May 2018 you better have your things in order or it will hurt you pretty hard. There are severe penalties for breaking GDPR, 4% of your global turnover. You are affected even if your company outside the EU as long as you do business with EU citizens. Cloud is the magic bullet to solving your compliance issues but you need to run it correct to avoid the chopping block. We will look through OpenStack configurations and policies and have a look at what need to be done and what need to be changed. We will have a discussion what Privacy by Design means in terms of OpenStack. What can be done within OpenStack itself and what are appropriate step to take with other tools. How to set up a compliant architecture. All base on real case law. With this session we hope to bring GDPR from the lawyers and in to the datacenter. It is not just a legal discussion where it usually stops but most certainly a technical one as well.


* **Kim Hindart** *(Huge Open Source fan boy and developer. With a background in mobility and especially Symbian and Android. I am a really geeky dude that was forced to handle security and compliance so the only coding I do is on my spare time. Luckily that's also what I like to do in my spre time, work. But real work and not just a lot of complinace and regulations but something that is acctually for the betterment of mankind.  Unfortunately I happen to bee good at security, especially social engineering, and now I am stuck. But I am happy to share my knowledge and experience in making thins both secure and compliant. And no they are not alwas the same thing.  Compliance is solved through the cloud. Epecially smarter clouds. OpenStack is the key to this. OpenStack is 42 to compliance. One stack to forever in the darkness bind them.  )*
