Using Existing Security Features for End-to-End Confidentiality and Integrity in the Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

A recent survey by the Cloud Security Alliance indicated that cloud security is an executive- or board-level concern for 61% of companies [1]. Despite this concern, a significant number of security features are currently available in OpenStack and ensure the confidentiality and integrity of data across its services. This presentation starts with a short primer on information assurance (IA) and illustrates how OpenStack’s existing security features address common security concerns. In particular, we provide an overview of key management, image signing and encryption, block storage encryption, and object storage encryption. We show how these features individually and collectively secure data in OpenStack. This presentation concludes with an overview of ongoing efforts to add new security features and remaining gaps that should be addressed.


* **Joel Coffman** *(Joel Coffman is a Senior Cyber Engineer at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (JHU/APL), which he joined in 2012. Joel contributes to a variety of sponsored and internally-funded research and development projects where he applies software engineering expertise to improve software quality. Joel also serves as the technical lead for JHU/APL’s involvement in the OpenStack cloud computing project where he has overseen the contribution of a variety of security features to the community.Joel received his Ph.D. and M.S. in Computer Science from the University of Virginia under the guidance of Alfred C. Weaver and a B.S. in Computer Science from Furman University. While in school, Joel conducted research in topics spanning ranking methods for keyword search, search engine query log analysis, timing analysis, non-volatile memory, and computer science education. Joel’s Ph.D. research focused on keyword search in databases where he used a systematic evaluation of existing approaches to guide advances in ranking methods to improve search effectiveness.In addition to his work at JHU/APL, Joel serves as a lecturer in the Johns Hopkins University Engineering for Professionals program where he currently teaches software engineering.)*
