Simplifying Security Orchestration for  Multi-Vendor OpenStack Clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Security is often deployed as multiple VNFs such as virtual firewalls, IPS, DPI, etc. in OpenStack clouds. A key challenge for OpenStack operators is to deploy and manage a broad portfolio of security services for virtual machines and containers to ensure data center resources are protected and always up to date. Simplifying the task of security orchestration is key and helps operators meet compliance. A multi-vendor security orchestrator to manage security services from a single pane of glass simplifies the task of managing security. Join this panel for the latest state of security, challenges, security use cases, architectures, and open source options for collaboration/community updates. Topics include: Use cases, challenges of deploying security at rate of cloud (1000s of VMs & containers) Requirements and approaches of orchestrating security   Service insertion, function chaining and impact to security


* **Erez Berkner** *(Erez Berkner, Director of Product Management for Data Center Security at Check Point(NASDAQ:CHKP), leads the company’s cloud security strategy. Erez joined Check Point in 2004 and has held key management positions in the R&D and Product organizations. As the Director of the Platforms organization, he led the development groups in building the Check Point vSEC product line for securing private and public cloud platforms.  Currently, he spends most of his time driving Check Point’s vision for securing the Software Defined Data Centers, Private Cloud & SDN, Public IaaS and Telco infrastructures (NFV). Erez holds a B.Sc. Cum Laude degree in Mathematics & Computer Science.)*

* **John McDowall** *(John McDowall is SDN/Virtualization Architect at Palo Alto Networks where he is working on the dynamic insertion of security policy into virtual environments and clouds. Currently he has been actively contributing to Openstack Service Function Chaining, Openstack Neutron-OVN and OVS/OVN to enable service function chaining. Previously he was at Cisco where he developed the programmable network architecture that played a key role in Cisco’s SDN strategy, which he presented to large customers and internally. He has presented to industry forums on web services, security, and SAAS. John has an MSc from UC Berkeley and a BSc from University of Glasgow.BD)*

* **Giuseppe de Candia** *(Based in Barcelona, Pino de Candia joined Midokura as a Software Engineer in late 2010. He helped build early versions of MidoNet and in 2011 started and managed the Barcelona-based Network Controller team. Over the next 3 years Pino helped grow Midokura's Barcelona office to nearly 20 engineers. From early 2013 through August 2014, Pino was VP of Engineering after which he transitioned to his current role of Chief Architect, responsible for MidoNet's overall architecture as well as the design of Midokura's Enterprise MidoNet (MEM). In late 2015, Pino also assumed the role of CTO. Prior to Midokura, Pino was in a number of software development roles. The most recent was at Amazon.com: first leading the team that developed Dynamo, a NoSQL data store; then managing an internal infrastructure software team focused on caching tools and systems. Pino did his B.S. and M.Eng. degrees in Computer Science at Cornell University.)*

* **Wendy Cartee** *(Wendy Cartee is VP of Product Management and Marketing at PLUMgrid, Inc., the leader of secure and scalable Container and OpenStack networking for companies building private and public clouds.  Wendy has participated in open source and standards activities for many years, and helped launch the IO Visor Project which is part of the Linux Foundation. Prior to PLUMgrid, Wendy worked for companies such as Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, and HP.    An avid technology and user advocate, Wendy has 8 U.S. patents in networking technologies and is listed in the CCIE Hall of Fame.  She provides pro-bono consulting through Stanford Developing Economies and volunteers for STEM initiatives. Wendy has a BSEE/MBA, and is a graduate of the Stanford Executive Program from the Graduate School of Business.)*

* **Manish Dave** *(Manish Dave is a Platform Architect, working in Intel's Datacenter Platform Security Division. He has over 20 years of broad experience in networking and security. In his previous role as Intel IT Principal Engineer he was responsible for the network security architecture for Intel IT’s datacenters which host hundreds of applications on several thousands servers. Manish is very interested in software defined infrastructure and policy based networks; he has 5 patent filed in the areas of networks and security. Manish recently presented Tech-Talk "Intel’s Open Security Controller Platform: Bringing Advanced Security to OpenStack" at Openstack Austin summit and also presented a detailed talk at the OpenDaylight Summit 2015 on the topic of "Getting real with Policies for Software Defined Infrastructure”. He has broadly published articles and papers on topics of IT enterprise infratructure, networks, security and policy over the years. He can be reached at manish.dave@intel.com.)*
