Fortifying OpenStack Clouds Against Security Breaches
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Security has become a global issue and as cloud deployments rise, security is a critical consideration in architecting and building clouds. In 2015, a zero-day vulnerability was uncovered every week and more than half a billion personal records were stolen or lost. Security admins are no longer asking “if” there will be a breach, but “when” and how to contain a breach from spreading or accessing the entire data center. The traditional model of perimeter security with firewalls is no longer sufficient to protect data centers and additional measures that not only prevent attacks but contain and neutralize attacks must be taken. With OpenStack, there are a number of options available from networking layer all the way to the application layer. In this session, speakers will discuss fortifying OpenStack clouds including methods to ensure protection for OpenStack API endpoints from DDoS attacks, separation of tenant and provider networks.


* **Rick Kundiger** *(CEO of Awnix Inc.  Rick Kundiger was born in Milwaukee Wisconsin and moved to Kansas at age 7. He was in the US Navy from 1993 - 1998 and has traveled and worked and lived all over the world since then. Rick has been working in government IT since 2000. He has worked on complex projects for the Department of Defense supporting over 900 locations in 18 countries.  Rick began designing and implementing virtual environments in 2004 and has continued to push the envelope of technology ever since; always wanting more capabilities at lower costs.    Rick worked as the Director of Architecture for the US Army in Europe from 2009 - 2001; after which he took a chief architect position at the USDA's National Information Technology Center in Kansas City.  There he led a dynamic team of IT personnel in the design and implementation of new data center infrastructure and platforms.  It was here that Rick began working with OpenStack.   In November of 2014 Rick left the USDA to form his own company, along with his co-founder Mike Meskill.  The company, Awnix Inc., specializes in products and services related to the deployment and integration of OpenStack + Software Defined Networking.)*

* **Erez Berkner** *(Erez Berkner, Director of Product Management for Data Center Security at Check Point(NASDAQ:CHKP), leads the company’s cloud security strategy. Erez joined Check Point in 2004 and has held key management positions in the R&D and Product organizations. As the Director of the Platforms organization, he led the development groups in building the Check Point vSEC product line for securing private and public cloud platforms.  Currently, he spends most of his time driving Check Point’s vision for securing the Software Defined Data Centers, Private Cloud & SDN, Public IaaS and Telco infrastructures (NFV). Erez holds a B.Sc. Cum Laude degree in Mathematics & Computer Science.)*

* **Faisal Mushtaq** *(Innovative senior executive with extensive experience creating and developing technology solutions that positively impact and support overall business goals, sales and revenue growth. Visionary leader with proven track record of building exceptional teams and successful products that achieve market leadership in both fast pace startup environment and Fortune 500 companies.)*
