Smashing OpenStack for Fun and Profit!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The key to securing the underlying Openstack infrastructure is by first understanding the architecture and then by weaving the security layer into the build & Deploy process. Today we are going to talk about the Penetration testing phase and go over our methodology and cover some of our Zero Day Vulnerabilities (XSS, Access Control, Malicious File Upload, etc.) that we identified as part of this research. A Detailed Analysis of threats, vulnerabilities along with the Attack Scenarios to compromise your OS environment taking advantage of both known and zero day vulnerabilities like – leveraging Keystone Vulnerabilities to compromise OS, Compromising Standard Images and Application Packages, Weak Input Validation and Stored XSS on Contrail Networking Component. The talk will also focus on hardening recommendations like, How to diffuse these Attack Scenarios, How to monitor and identify threats in OS, Locking down Configurations and using the OS Security Guide as baseline.


* **Ganesh Devarajan** *(Ganesh is the Sr. Manager within Accenture’s Security practice Team. His focuses are Applications security, Network security, Malware Analysis, Reputation Service, and Cloud security.   Prior to joining Accenture in 2013, he led all of GoDaddy’s security products and helped architect a better security posture for their environment. He also worked as a security researcher for the TippingPoint DVLabs and The CASE Research Center in Syracuse, NY. He has publications in a variety of fields, ranging from Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) Securities, Role Based Access Control (RBAC), Wireless Securities, and Runtime Software Application patches. His research has been presented at various venues, including RSA, Department of Defense (DoD) Cybercrime conference, Computer Security Convention DEFCON, LayerOne, Reboot, National Petrochemicals & Refiners Association (NPRA), SMi, Hawaii International Conference on Social Sciences (HICSS), International Information Security Conference (IFIP/SEC), Hacker Halted, and Open Web Application Security Projects (OWASP). Ganesh has 5 patents issued and has 16 other patents in "patent pending" state all in the computer security space. Ganesh received a Masters Degree in Computer Engineering from Syracuse University and also, has an Executive MBA from Kellogg School of Business, Northwestern University.)*

* **Julie Ferranti Fitzpatrick** *(Julie Ferranti Fitzpatrick is Sr. Technical Director for AT&T Integrated Cloud organization, leading initiatives to provide Operational Support, Monitoring, Security and Resiliency of the AT&T Integrated Cloud solution. In support of AT&T’s Integrated Cloud (AIC), Julie leads engineers that are responsible for the development and delivery of monitoring tools, T4 operational support of OpenStack and Non-OpenStack components, Tenant Support and ensuring the infrastructure is secure. Prior to her move, Julie led multiple IT teams where she was responsible for development of AT&T’s Hosting & Application Services efforts for the commercial cloud solution along with the tools and Middleware technology.  She received a CIO award in 2011 for the creation of an innovative high performance compiler for ASCI application models that dramatically improved the performance of generated code thereby reducing required hardware by more than 50%. Previously, Julie’s management experience spans across multiple subsidiaries.  She worked as a Remote Maintenance Technician in Southwestern Bell Telecom where she handled all changes for Texas. Also, worked at Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems, where she held several roles of increasing scope and responsibility within mobility.  While in mobility, she gained extensive experience in leadership as well as supporting small and large customers for the external sales organization, local and wide area networking, IT development, voice routing on Nortel switches and vendor management.  While the teams were small, through collaboration and innovation they assisted in the start-up of Rochester, NY; Central Illinois (Cellular One); Jefferson City, MO and Cape Girardeau, MO market areas and celebrated 1M customers.  Julie started her career at Southwestern Bell Telephone in the Customer Service Bureau handling repair and 911 calls where she learned the company from the bottom up. Since 2009, Julie has been participating in the high potential Leadership program at AT&T.  She was selected by ranking in the top 10% of the company.  She is a member of OxyGEN, Women of AT&T and Women in Finance.  She serves on the AT&T Employee Network for Women in Technology and Network Collegiate Committee to promote women in STEM fields within ATO organization.  Julie volunteers to promote AT&T and STEM education and workforce development within and outside of AT&T. Julie holds a Bachelors of Science from Maryville University and a Masters of Computer Science from Webster University, both of St. Louis.  She and her husband, Tom, and kids, Evan and Madelyn, reside in St. Louis.)*

* **Chase Sylvester** *(Chase joined Accenture in May 2014 after graduating from Brigham Young University in IT with an emphasis in security. He is part of TVM and while at Accenture he has been involved in penetration tests and IT asset management projects. In the past Chase has worked with several companies to penetration test their applications and infrastructure. He has evaluated over ten vulnerability scanners including HP’s WebInspect, IBM’s AppScan, Rapid7 Nexpose, Accuentix’s Web Scanner, and WhiteHat Security.)*
