Leverage Ironic to secure bare metal service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Bare metal services in an OpenStack environment is traditionally not secure due to gaps in boot methodologies and mode of boot. Shared resources could expose unintended data breaches. Legacy boot of bare metal servers is unsecure due to possibility of altering of boot-time drivers. This unscrupulous activity could expose users to hacks and breaches. Bare metal service is exposed for exploitation due to the unsecure characteristics of PXE boot environment. Other aspect We explore how to secure it for enterprises using Ironic. Traditionally when a tenant is un-provisioned there are manual steps to make sure user data is scrubbed before allocating the same set of resources to another user/tenant. If these manual steps are not followed properly we could expose one user’s data to another leading to data breaches. Session will talk on how to offer bare metal as a service in secure and reliable manner for enterprise grade deployments. UCS policy framework will address each of these issues.


* **Vish Jakka** *(Vish Jakka is a Product Manager for Cisco Unified Computing System focusing on management and cloud solutions. He is responsible for the definition and lifecycle of solutions combining OpenStack and Cisco Data Center products that address a broad range of customer needs including cloud, virtualization, infrastructure, monitoring and management. He has held product management and engineering roles in data center compute, storage and services industry.)*

* **RAJESH KHARYA** *(https://in.linkedin.com/in/rkharya Experience Summary - • Product Feature QA/Testing, Product Feature Technical Escalation Support, System test, E2E testing & Solutions Engineering• large scale global data centre project implementation & operations experience catering to multiple business application environments on physical or virtual platforms with hosting solutions having 3000+ UNIX/Linux hosts Specialties - - Converged compute/storage/networking/virtualization management software feature QA/Testing- Open Stack, VMWare, vDVS, Private/Hybrid Cloud- Cisco's UCS product range and UCS management platform- Unix File system QA/Testing, System Test, Product feature escalation support- RISC based Unix platforms(HP/Sun/RHEL), Storage(EMC/NetApps/Veritas SF products) systems, clusters and network- P2V, RISC to x86 Migrations- Large scale Global Data Center project implementations, operations and planning- Building and Leading technical teams   Skill Sets - Data Center: Blade Enclosures & Servers(UCS), Unified Fabric, Ethernet, FCoE, VNTag, Virtual Port Channel (vPC), LLDP, DCB, DCBX, Converge Network Adaptor(CNA)Virtualization: OpenStack, VMWare, dVS, Private/Hybrid CloudClusters: Veritas Cluster Server (VCS), Sun cluster, HP’s MC/SG & Linux Clusters and VMware HA/DRServer System Mgmt.: UCS Manager, Compute - BIOS, BMC, IPMI, KVM, Firmware Management, System Integration Solution Testing, Fault Management, Host Boot Methods, Overall System DebuggingStorage: FC, FCoE, iSCSI, SAN, NAS (NFS), RAIDStorage Mgt.: Veritas File System/Cluster File System (VxFS), Veritas Volume Manager (VxVM), LVM & EMC’s SRDF/SEPlatforms: HP-UX, Solaris, AIX, Linux RHEL & SLESH/w: Cisco UCS Product Line – blade, rack servers, chassis, fabric interconnects, HP Blade Systems/rx/rp/SD, Sun Enterprise/Netra, IBM Blade Center/P-series, Cisco Routers 7200/3900/2900, Cisco Catalyst/Nexus 7K/5K/MDS, EMC/NetApp Storage ArraysLanguages: Shell scripting, Perl, Python and elementary knowledge of C   Professional Engagement - Technical Leader - Solutions Engineering (TME), Cisco Systems  )*
