Automatic Secured Application Deployment in OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Cloud services by allowing mutualizing infrastructure makes them an attractive target for malicious users. It also creates new attack vectors between tenants. Most cloud providers offer default security policies that do not always fit tenants custom security needs. IQ-Orchestra is a user-centric approach proposing automatic deployment and securing of complex distributed applications on Cloud platforms. From a user-friendly high-level description of the application and its security requirements, IQ-Orchestra automatically computes security configurations according to best pratices and standards then orchestrates the deployment of the secured application in Openstack. During this talk, there will be a demonstration of a secured deployment with IQ-Orchestra on top of RDO illustrating the mitigation of top threats.


* **Haïkel Guémar** *(Haïkel is a long-time Fedora developer, where he actually serve as Fedora Engineering Steering Committee and Cloud WG member. He is part of the CentOS Cloud SIG member, where he maintains CentOS packaging for OpenStack. He is the former PTL and current core contributor for the RPM packaging project He works at Red Hat in the RDO Engineering team as one of the driving force for OpenStack packaging.  )*

* **Arnaud Lefray** *(Co-founder and CTO at Qirinus, Arnaud is working on innovative solutions for Cloud Security.)*

* **Eddy Caron** *(Eddy Caron is an Associate Professor at Ecole Normale Supérieure de Lyon and holds a position with the LIP laboratory (ENS Lyon, France). He is a Member of AVALON project from INRIA and Technical Manager for the DIET software package. He received his PhD in C.S. from University de Picardie Jules Verne in 2000 and his HDR (Habiliation Diriger les Recherches) from the Ecole Normale Suprieure de Lyon in 2010. His research interests include parallel libraries for scientific computing on parallel distributed memory machines, problem solving environments, and grid and cloud computing. He is involved in many program committees (as HCW, IPDPS, ISPA, HotP2P, etc.). Since 2000, he contributed to more than 29 articles in journal or book chapter and more than 60 publications in international conferences. He was co-chair of the GridRPC working group in OGF. He was coordinator of two french ANR project (LEGO and SPADES). He is the supervisor of 13 Phd (3 in progress). He teaches Distributed system, Architecture Operating System and Network, Grid and Cloud, etc. Moreover he was the Co-funder and Scientif Consultant of the SysFera company (2010-2015). he is the Co-funder and Scientif Consultant of the Qirinus company (www.qirinus.com). See http://graal.ens-lyon.fr/ ecaron for further information.)*
