Session Title  Managing secrets securely using Barbican and multiple Hardware Security Modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Security needs vary from one enterprise to the other, and from one type of workload (Dev/QA, production and compliant) to another, based on the risk profile and compliance requirements.  Managing secrets (passwords, keys, tokens and certs) is critical to proactively protect against data thefts and other types of attacks, meet regulatory compliance and scalability needs.   Enterprises need multiple back end key managers or HSMs to manage secrets for various types of workloads with different security needs.  Upstream Barbican project addresses this use case by providing the capability to configure and manage secrets using multiple HSMs through its plugin mechanisms.During this track we will provide an overview of various security use cases  to manage secrets, along with a reference architecture and demonstration to manage secrets (keys used for encrypting Cinder block storage data  and LBaaS certs) using multiple types of key managers (PKCS#11 and KMIP compliant).


* **Joy Dorairaj** *(Joy is a Principal Product Manager, part of the Helion OpenStack Product Management team with Hewlett Packard Enterprise responsible for security.  She specialises in OpenStack Security and Compliance, driving the product strategy & roadmap, prioritizing requirements and working with her engineering team to ensure that HPE is delivering a secure OpenStack distribution for customers. She has over 18 years of industry experience, having spent the last 10 years in a variety of Product Management roles in the area of security (OpenStack security, Analytics and Big Data Security, Cloud endpoint protection products, Wireless SaaS security, Security services for Telcos, Compliance products etc.) She has a Bachelors degree in Computer Science & Engineering and a Masters degree in Applied Mathematics, and enjoys running and community volunteering in her spare time.)*

* **Arun Kant** *(Arun is a OpenStack Engineer in Hewlett Packard Enterprise. He has been working in OpenStack since 2012. He has architected number of initiatives in HP Public Cloud and HPE Helion OpenStack keystone and barbican.)*
