Bringing L7 Security to Kubernetes with OpenStack Kuryr
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

We demo a solution for bringing L7 security to Kubernetes (K8s). Openstack Kuryr's new K8s components enable the placement of Pods on Neutron-managed networks, in turn enabling Neutron's service-chaining to redirect traffic to security Pods for inspection. The Neutron topology is inferred by Kuryr's K8s API Watcher from standard K8s models. We are proposing a small extension to K8s' new Network Policy template to map workloads to externally defined and named security policies. Our design leverages Kuryr's new CNI Driver and API Watcher "Raven", MidoNet Neutron Plugin, Forcepoint Containerized Next Generation Firewall (NGFW) and Intel Open Security Controller (OSC) as service orchestrator. In our demo: 1) An admin defines a DPI policy for traffic between Pods matched by label keys and values 2) OSC deploys a preconfigured containerized NGFW 3) OSC calls Neutron APIs to redirect appropriate packets into the NGFW 4) Layer 7 attacks are then blocked by the NGFW


* **Manish Dave** *(Manish Dave is a Platform Architect, working in Intel's Datacenter Platform Security Division. He has over 20 years of broad experience in networking and security. In his previous role as Intel IT Principal Engineer he was responsible for the network security architecture for Intel IT’s datacenters which host hundreds of applications on several thousands servers. Manish is very interested in software defined infrastructure and policy based networks; he has 5 patent filed in the areas of networks and security. Manish recently presented Tech-Talk "Intel’s Open Security Controller Platform: Bringing Advanced Security to OpenStack" at Openstack Austin summit and also presented a detailed talk at the OpenDaylight Summit 2015 on the topic of "Getting real with Policies for Software Defined Infrastructure”. He has broadly published articles and papers on topics of IT enterprise infratructure, networks, security and policy over the years. He can be reached at manish.dave@intel.com.)*

* **Giuseppe de Candia** *(Based in Barcelona, Pino de Candia joined Midokura as a Software Engineer in late 2010. He helped build early versions of MidoNet and in 2011 started and managed the Barcelona-based Network Controller team. Over the next 3 years Pino helped grow Midokura's Barcelona office to nearly 20 engineers. From early 2013 through August 2014, Pino was VP of Engineering after which he transitioned to his current role of Chief Architect, responsible for MidoNet's overall architecture as well as the design of Midokura's Enterprise MidoNet (MEM). In late 2015, Pino also assumed the role of CTO. Prior to Midokura, Pino was in a number of software development roles. The most recent was at Amazon.com: first leading the team that developed Dynamo, a NoSQL data store; then managing an internal infrastructure software team focused on caching tools and systems. Pino did his B.S. and M.Eng. degrees in Computer Science at Cornell University.)*

* **Binh Phan** *(Binh Phan is an accomplished networking and cloud security professional/evangelist with a proven track record of success and 20 years of experience in IP networking and information security field. His experience spans across a broad range of disciplines including network security operations, technical product marketing and solutions engineering. Binh's designed, implemented and supported large-scale networks for 1000s of world-wide customers including Fortune 1000 companies and tier-1/tier-2 service providers. He has a great passion for customer success, technology innovation and creativity to apply technologies to solve customer's business problems in the most optimal and cost-effective ways. In the recent years, Binh has emerged in the world of cloud and software defined infrastructure where he's spent time designing solutions for some of the largest customers and to advocate cloud adoption to help customers achieve business agility. His most recent works include designing and implementing security solutions for Openstack, Amazon Web Services and software defined infrastructure. Binh holds several industry-leading certifications including CCIE #16507, CISSP and GIAC GCIH. He currently works as a Senior Solutions Architect at Forcepoint LLC,  a cyber security company.)*
