Non-public public cloud with confidence
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Companies increasingly look at public clouds also to process highly confidential data. To facilitate this, public cloud providers need to invest into solid security protection. Security specifications in an isolated private environment are a challenge. For a public accessible environment they are a nightmare. In this session we will address security topics from the perspective of public cloud providers. After starting with common & best practices, like the importance of a central logging with a good set of queries and the use of VPNs to access internal networks & applications without exposure to public networks, we will have a look on security tools and frameworks, inside and outside the OpenStack ecosystem. Documentation, business processes and education are other important topics that need to be revisited in the context of security. The presentation will give a look behind the scenes of Open Telekom Cloud (an OpenStack based public cloud) with respect to those security aspects.  


* **Christian Berendt** *(Christian is the CEO and co-founder of Betacloud Solutions GmbH. He is one of the OpenStack Ambassadors, founded the OpenStack user group in Stuttgart / Germany and is part of the OpenStack documentation core reviewer team. In his  time off he occupies himself with software development, artificial intelligence, micro controllers and much more. He is a seasoned speaker at all kinds of Open Source and IT events such as CeBIT, LinuxTag, and various others. )*

* **Kurt Garloff** *(I grew up in Germany where I graduated in Physics at University of Dortmund. I moved to Eindhoven (The Netherlands) to do postgrad research on plasma physics.I had developed an interest in computers and in particular in the Open Source and Linux movements in parallel and had contributed some code successfully to the Linux kernel when the community was still small. I also succeeded contributing little pieces to a number of other projects (amongst which glibc and gcc).In the end the computer side won over physics and I ended up working for SUSE Linux AG (later part of Novell Inc) as a freelancer and quickly as employee.  I worked as kernel engineer but also took some responsibility in security projects. I ended up running SUSE Labs, where I had the privilege to work with some of the smartest engineers in our research department hosting the open source kernel, toolchain (compiler ...) and X11 engineers.Subsequently, I had a number of technical, people and business leadership roles (Head Architect, acting VP Engineering, VP Product Management, VP Business Development, VP Partner Engineering) and I'm grateful to Novell for sending me to the HBS Program for Leadship Development to enhance my business skills before taking over business management functions.The acquisition of Novell by Attachmate ended my career with SUSE and the next step was being part of the BU Cloud Services in Deutsche Telekom's P&I which had a lot of the startup spirit I was looking for... In my VP Cloud Technology function I headed the unit that developed the Consumer Cloud Storage platform (DLS/Mediencenter) and the OpenStack based hosting infrastructure for hosting the software partners' apps in DT's TelekomCloud BusinessMarketplace and I had the pleasure to present on this in a keynote in the San Francisco Summit.I supported Huawei's Enterprise IT R&D department to build a great cloud engineering team in Europe and to enhance the capabilities of Huawei's OpenStack based FusionSphere solutions in 2014/15. Since fall 2015, I have been supporting T-Systems with the launch and further development Open Telekom Cloud, a large public cloud in Europe based on OpenStack and developed in close collaboration with Huawei and the OpenStack community.PS: When I don't work on computers, I spend my time with my great wife and two wonderful kids.)*
