Experiences deploying Keystone and Future Priorities by Operators and Developers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this panel session, we bring together several Keystone experts to discuss their experiences with using Keystone in both private clouds and public clouds at scale. We will discuss the efforts they have been involved in with configuring and deploying Keystone to address issues such as improving performance at scale. We will discuss their experiences using advanced Keystone features such as Fernet tokens and how these features have improved their deployments, and also what accommodations were needed to support new features such as this properly. We will also discuss how they are preparing for upcoming feature deprecations such as Keystone's deprecation of its eventlet deployment model. Panel members from private cloud and public cloud, both vendor and non-vendor, will discuss Keystone issues that are most impactful to them and how they are driving Keystone in upcoming releases to improve its deployability, operability, and consumability.


* **Steve Martinelli** *(Steve Martinelli is a contributor to the OpenStack project, specifically focused on its Identity, Authentication and Authorization. He is currently the Project Team Lead for the Keystone project, OpenStack's Identity service. He primarily focuses on enabling Keystone, to better integrate into enterprise environments. Steve was responsible for adding Federated Identity and OAuth support to Keystone and was one of the leading contributors to Keystone to Keystone federation support for interoperable hybrid cloud enablement. Steve is also a core contributor to other OpenStack projects, such as: OpenStackClient, pyCADF, cliff, os-client config, oslo.cache, and oslo.policy. Steve is a co-author of Identity, Authentication & Access Management in OpenStack, a book published by O'Reilly Media in 2015. Steve received his B.ASc. in Computer Engineering from York University.)*

* **Dolph Mathews** *(Dolph is an open source developer working in the OpenStack community. He truly enjoys fixing bugs, writing documentation, and helping the engineers around him become more productive. As a result, he has served as an OpenStack project technical lead (PTL) and on the OpenStack technical committee (TC).)*

* **Jesse Keating** *(Jesse Keating is a Lead OpenStack Engineer at IBM. He has been a part of the Linux community for over 13 years, as a user, contributor, instructor, author, and evangelist. A believer in Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery.)*

* **Alvaro Lopez Garcia** *(Currently I works as a researcher at the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC). In 2007 I held a research associate position at the Italian National Institute for Nuclear Physics (INFN), where I started to work with virtualization so as to deliver on-demand services. I have taken part in several European projects about distributed and Grid and Cloud computing, such as EGEE-II/III (FP6, FP7), Int.Eu.Grid (FP6), EUFORIA (FP7), EGI-InSPIRE and more recently EGI-Engage and INDIGO-Datacloud. With the advent of Cloud computing I moved towards this field, working in the adaptation of the current Cloud middleware and infrastructures to fit the specific needs (parallelism, performance) of the scientific computing applications. In fact the CSIC deployed one of the first OpenStack infrastructures in Spain, back in the Essex release. I am a member of the Openstackfoundation, and I have been an Active Technical Contributor for several cycles, even if my activity has been related with bugfixing .)*

* **Brad Topol** *(Dr. Brad Topol is an IBM Distinguished Engineer in the IBM Cloud Architecture and Technology organization. In his current role, Brad leads a development team focused on contributing to and improving OpenStack and he has cross-IBM responsibility for coordinating its contributions to OpenStack. Brad is an OpenStack core contributor to Keystone-Specs, Pycadf, and Heat-Translator and has personally contributed to multiple OpenStack projects including Keystone, Pycadf, Heat-Translator, and DevStack. He is a co-author of Identity, Authentication & Access Management in OpenStack, a book published by O'Reilly Media in 2015.    )*
