Security Service Insertion and Security functions Orchestration without a SDN controller.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Inserting security functions like Next Gen firewalls in OpenStack requires service insertion capabilities which can be addressed either by SDN controllers natively or by using Networking SFC that is currently being developed. In this session we will discuss how the Open Security Controller uses a modular plug-in based approach for security service insertion. We will articulate what we see as gaps in OpenStack that need to be addressed in order to enable automated security service insertion without a SDN controller. Additionally we will demonstrate an approach we have used as a workaround and discuss how we plan to integrate with a fully functional networking SFC as it evolves.


* **Tarun Viswanathan** *(I am an IT practitioner in Intel's Network Platform Group and am responsible for working with Enterprise and Cloud end customers to define solutions architecture that helps accelerate the adoption of Software Defined Networking and Network Function Virtualization. I started my career as a Network Specialist responsible for configuration and management of Routers, Switches and Firewalls in the enterprise and then took on the role of a Security Architect responsible for Data Protection, End Point Protection and Cloud Security before moving to my current role as the Platform Solution Architect. I have three US patetns to my name and have been with Intel for over 16 years.  )*

* **Manish Dave** *(Manish Dave is a Platform Architect, working in Intel's Datacenter Platform Security Division. He has over 20 years of broad experience in networking and security. In his previous role as Intel IT Principal Engineer he was responsible for the network security architecture for Intel IT’s datacenters which host hundreds of applications on several thousands servers. Manish is very interested in software defined infrastructure and policy based networks; he has 5 patent filed in the areas of networks and security. Manish recently presented Tech-Talk "Intel’s Open Security Controller Platform: Bringing Advanced Security to OpenStack" at Openstack Austin summit and also presented a detailed talk at the OpenDaylight Summit 2015 on the topic of "Getting real with Policies for Software Defined Infrastructure”. He has broadly published articles and papers on topics of IT enterprise infratructure, networks, security and policy over the years. He can be reached at manish.dave@intel.com.)*
