The Open Hardware Alternative: Geo-Distributed Swift Deployments at Scale with OpenPOWER
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Deployment factors of geo-distributed Swift using OpenPOWER CPU and hardware covered in this talk. As an alternative to Intel x86 CPUs, the POWER8 is a 4GHz, 12 core processor with 8 hardware threads per core for a total of 96 threads of parallel execution. It uses 96 MB of eDRAM L3 cache on chip and 128 MB off-chip L4 cache. POWER CPU hardware is as traditional server as well as OCP form factor. Building on the open edict of OpenStack, the POWER CPU is open source and governed by the OpenPOWER foundation. With certain applications, it has been shown to be a very power-efficient CPU. A stable OpenStack component such as Swift makes it a logical candidate for running on a large scale. Swift has now been ported and is available to run on POWER8-based hardware.


* **Jacob Caspi** *(Jacob Caspi is a Principal Technical at AT&T's Domain 2.0 Architecture team, currently responsible for the architecture of the AT&T Integrated Cloud (AIC), including compute, storage and network underlay.  Jacob joined AT&T in 2011 to manage the design and implementation of OpenStack-based geo-distributed cloud computing services at multiple data centers across the US, with thousands of Compute nodes and Petabytes of Swift Object storage.   Mr. Caspi came to AT&T from Sun Microsystem where he managed engagements in the Financial Services Area, including the introduction of Sun’s $1/CPU/Hour cloud computing offer using Sun Grid Engine for orchestration and Solaris zones/containers virtualization technology.  )*

* **Mark Baker** *(Product Manager at Canonical where I've spent the last 5+ years helping shape Ubuntu server and Ubuntu OpenStack. Previously held positions MySQL and Red Hat helping them disrupt Billion dollar encumbant enterprise software companies. Seem to be on the same path with OpenStack and Ubuntu.)*

* **Tom Mathews** *(Tom is a Distinguished Engineer leading the overall Cloud technical strategy and architecture for the Power Systems software development organization within the IBM Systems Division.  He is currentlyfocusing on OpenStack enablement, enhancement, and optimization of the OpenPower platform.   Tom has extensive technical experienceand background based in OpenStack and has been responsible for the architecture and development of numerous OpenStack-based IBM product offerings, including the SoftLayer-based IBM Cloud OpenStack Services private managed cloud,  IBM Cloud Manager with OpenStack, and IBM's PowerVC virtualization cluster management product.   He has also had responsibility for developing and delivering scalable OpenStack infrastructure clouds that underlie key IBM BlueMix services provided through IBM's public cloud environment.  Tom also has extensive systems andinfrastructure knowledge grounded in years spent designing and developing system software for IBM’s UNIX** business.   He joined IBM in 1985 after receiving a B S degreein computer science from the University of Texas at El Paso in 1984)*
