Dueling Demos: Petabytes of Ceph and Gluster in Under and Hour
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Cloud workloads increasingly demand persistent data, accessible across distributed stateless application instances. Software-defined storage systems built on commodity hardware and operating environments are a natural fit to address this growing need. Join us in this session for a live demonstration standing up the two most popular software-defined storage systems, Ceph and Gluster, from bare systems to petabytes of protected storage in under an hour. We will provide a primer of the basics for each system and an introduction to common use cases, and then dive immediately into at-scale deployments using the most current techniques and toolsets. Attendees will gain core knowledge for the implementation of both Ceph and Gluster in enterprise environments and the confidence to begin building their own distributed persistent storage systems.


* **Dustin Black** *(Openness and transparency are keys to organizational success in the modern world. Innovation and progress are crowd-driven, and leadership today means being a steward of the community. I have been a proud disruptor of traditional and antiquated business practices and ideologies since the beginning of my career. And it continues as my mission to champion community over hierarchy and meritocracy over authority. With Red Hat, I've found an opportunity where disruption is the norm and my voice is always heard. I believe adamantly that this type of organization is the future of business success and human progress.   My career focus is on enabling enterprises to succeed with open systems and processes, and in fostering a sense of community that is agnostic of the norms of business boundaries. I have a passion for the customer experience, and I believe that each individual shares in the responsibility of positive brand impression. Among my technical expertise are:   • Linux   • Software-defined storage   • Cloud infrastructure   • Network engineering   • Security and risk   • Data center architecture   I am a proven successful mentor, taking far more pride in the success of those I've advised over my own personal triumphs. I am an experienced public speaker, presenting on technical topics at major industry conferences around the world.)*
