Delivering high performance OpenStack storage solutions with NVMe SSD and Intel® Optane™ technology
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In order to provide reliable, high-performance, on-demand, cost effective storage for applications hosted on servers, more and more cloud providers and customers are extend their storage to include Solid State drive (SSD). In this session, you will learn about how to build Ceph based OpenStack storage solutions with today’s SSD as well as tomorrow's Intel® Optane™ technology (3D Xpoint), we will:  Present two reference architects and data of all SSD Ceph cluster that can deliver greater than 1 million IOPS for the performance intensive environment - providing a more cost effective solution than today’s HDD cluster.   Share “good/better/best” system configurations and performance optimization best known methods, and share early Ceph BlueStore performance results with all SSD configuration Discuss future Ceph architectures using next generation Intel® Optane™ technology, including proposals of OpenStack Ceph hyper-converged solutions based on Intel® Optane™ technology


* **Jack Zhang** *(Jack Zhang currently is a senior SSD Enterprise Architect at Intel’s NVM (non-volatile memory) solution group (NSG), he manages/leads SSD solutions/optimizations and next generation 3D XPoint solutions/enabling across various vertical segments, he also leads SSD solutions/optimizations at various open source storage solutions, SDS, Openstack, Ceph, Big data. Jack held several senior engineering management positions before joined Intel in 2005, he has many years’ design experience in firmware/hardware, software/kernel/driver, system architectures, as well as new technology ecosystem enabling and market developments.)*

* **Jian Zhang** *(Jian Zhang is a senior software engineer of the Cloud Storage Engineer group from Intel Asia Pacific Research & Development Ltd. The team focus developing and optimizing opensource cloud storage architecture and solutions based on Intel platforms. The team is No.2 code contributor in Ceph, contribued to many core features like Cache tiering, Erasure coding, Rados I/O Hint, and BlueStore. They orgznied and hosted the Beijing and Shanghai Ceph Day together with Redhat. They also work very closely with China customer to build Ceph based Server Based storate POCs solutions.  Jian has 9 years of software development, performance analysis, optimization and tuning experiences in open source software, including in Xen, KVM, Openstack, Ceph, Swift.   Jian has a master's degree in Comuter Science and Engineering.    )*
