Ceph Performance on OpenStack Based On Over 25000 Benchmarks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Scalability is key for most OpenStack users. In particular being able to scale SDS without performance degradation is central part of that discussion. Join this session to learn how to avoid performance bottlenecks while using Ceph as block storage with OpenStack. In this session we will share our results from evaluating Ceph with OpenStack, including design points and the results of over 25,000 separate benchmark tests. Purpose and detail of evaluation Benchmark results (Summary of over 25,000 times benchmark!) Bottleneck analysis (ex. SSD journal sync interval) Design points (including new Ceph backend "BlueStore") This session will be held by Open Standard Cloud Association (OSCA). OSCA was established in February 2012 as a promoter of cloud computing solutions in Japan from both technical and business perspectives.


* **Takehiro Kudou** *(Takehiro is a Lead Engineer at Hitachi Solutions. He has about 10 years experience in finding and evaluating new technologies best for enterprise users. The theme he is currently most interested in is OpenStack related SDN/SDS projects and technology ecosystem.He is also active as following roles.- Organizing committee member in OpenStack Days Tokyo.- Technical leader in Open Standard Cloud Association(OSCA) Technical Review Committee.- OpenStack mentor in Okinawa Open Laboratory specialist training program.)*

* **Takanori Suzuki** *(Takanori Suzuki is a network product technologist at Dell Networking team in APJ. His team is focuses on OpenNetworking, it brings more open ecosystem in the networking industry like a server and software industry. OpenStack based NFV is one of the killer solution for carriers and service providers in Japan, so many of NFV players including carriers, ISPs, Universities and networking vendors has combined to form a consortium for NFV called "Next NSP consortium", he is a board member of this consortium. Other Joined Communities: Japan OpenStack User Group, OpenDaylight Tokyo User Group, Next NSP consortium board member, Interop Tokyo ShowNet NOC member and COnference Network BUilders(CONBU).)*

* **Hirotada Sasaki** *(Hirotada Sasaki is Solution Architect at Red Hat.  He sells Red Hat solutions to customer as pre-sales technical person and presents lectures in marketing events.  Previously, he worked for a network equipment vendor and deeply involved to introduce NFV (vEPC) to the Japanese biggest mobile operator.  He has expertise in OpenStack, especially in network area.)*
