Enabling a Policy-Driven, Self-Service storage provisioning control plane for a Service Provider 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Storage self-service is one of the important tenets of modernizing IT. Storage provisioning typically takes days to weeks time due to the complex approval processes and application requirements getting translated into storage capabilities. Service providers aim to achieve agility, operational efficiency and improved service levels by allowing application and server teams to provision their own storage, on-demand. It allows the storage team to free up critical resources and improves operational efficiency, while maintaining IT control via policies to avoid any erroneous self-service errors.In this talk we present how we have used Openstack successfully to enable self servicing and API based automated storage provisioning for one of the largest service provider (IBM Global Technology Services). We will share the lessons learnt from the perspective of IT service provider and many customers across the globe on what has worked well vs what did not work as expected.


* **Rakesh Jain** *(Rakesh Jain is a Research Engineer with IBM Research. He is currently working in implementing automation and self-service capabilities using Openstack in IBM's Global Technology Service division, one of the biggest IT service provider, focused on block storage aspects. He has also been involved in the development of IBM's storage management and monitoring products, as well as storage management for IBM Cloud. He has over fifteen years of experience in software development and architecture with focus on systems management, optimization through analytics and automation.)*

* **Ramani Routray** *(Ramani Routray is a senior researcher and manager of Cloud Systems Analytics group at IBM Research with over 17 years of technical experience. In his role, Ramani continues to invent, design and transform next generation data center solutions ranging from cutting-edge underpinning cloud technology, such as Software Defined Storage, Container, IBM Cloud Managed Services (CMS) API economy, Hybrid Cloud Design, to innovative cloud management platforms using advanced big data analytics technologies, such as Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL, and scalable machine learning platforms. The essence of these solutions lies in the unique integration of data science with domain-specific applications on large scale cloud system analytics paradigm. Ramani has made significant impact by architecting and implementing key components of the IBM Spectrum Control, IBM Cloud platform (CMS) and IBM Services Delivery framework. He leads technical teams, works with architects, strategists across brand (Systems, Software and Services) within IBM and with Strategic Outsourcing clients. Ramani has been awarded one IBM Corporate Award, CEO's Best-of-IBM Award, five Outstanding Technical Achievement Awards , two Research Division Awards, multiple publication awards. He has published over 30 papers in key conferences, IBM Master Inventor - submitted 64 patent applications out of which 28 have been granted by USPTO. Ramani collaborates with universities, standards (DMTF/SNIA/..), OpenStack and works on IBM task forces.)*
