The Day After Tomorrow - Production Recovery of Multi-site OpenStack Clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

As OpenStack private clouds are moving to production deployments, IT organizations are required to maintain service continuity and address possible resources outages with loss of storage, or extended loss of availability at the primary site.A disaster recovery strategy is required to allow application workloads to rapidly migrate to the secondary site and transition with little or no impact to their availability. This talk will cover key use cases and architectures that are in current use by customers for deploying backup and disaster recovery sites. We’ll review and demonstrate live the latest capabilities for Cinder Volume Replication and Active-Active Object replication with software-defined Ceph storage as the backend solution, as well as cover the OpenStack services enablement progress for building future multi-site configurations based on the Newton release.  


* **Sean Cohen** *(Sean is a seasoned product manager bringing over 15 years of experience in senior engineering, global operations and services management roles in virtualization & cloud companies. He has international experience of storage virtualization products delivery & private clouds design for enterprise customers in various market segments in US, Europe & APAC. Sean is focused on cloud storage product management and strategy for Red Hat OpenStack Platform cloud offering. Sean is a member of the OpenStack Foundation, a frequent speaker at OpenStack summits and a regular contributor to the Red Hat Stack blog - http://redhatstack.com/.)*

* **Sébastien Han** *(Sebastien Han currently works as a Principal Software Engineer, Storage Architect for Red Hat. He has been involved since 2011 with OpenStack and Ceph and has built a strong expertise around these two technologies. Curious and passionate, he loves working on bleeding edge technologies and always hope to find a suitable spot to integrate his two favorite technologies. In 2013, he started to work with containers and ultimately implemented containerised Docker Ceph services. On a daily basis, he loves to rotate between these three areas where he always makes sure to strengthen the integration between all of them. From time to time, he attends various summits and events where he evangelises these technologies and their usage. In addition, he always devotes a third part of his time to blogging. But this... is just the beginning :).)*

* **Federico Lucifredi** *(Product Management Director for Ceph Storage at Red Hat, formerly the Ubuntu Server PM at Canonical, and the Linux "Systems Management Czar" at SUSE.)*
