Accelerating Ceph with NVMe
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Solid state storage is increasingly an important technology for significantly increasing IOPS and reducing latency. Unfortunately, legacy industry standard drive interfaces are unable to keep up with this demand for high IOPS and low latency. NVM Express (NVMe) technology helps eliminate those barriers and deliver end-to-end performance gains. This session will present an architecture using NVMe devices for Ceph block storage applications. Benchmark results comparing NVMe to traditional storage approaches will be presented. This session will also discuss the upcoming Ceph storage backend BlueStore, and present a conceptual architecture for using NVMe together with BlueStore.


* **Pete Brey** *(As Cloud Solutions Product Manager for HPE Helion Cloud Storage Solutions, Pete Brey is responsible for developing and delivering innovative OpenStack cloud storage solutions for a variety of use cases which build upon Cinder and Swift OpenStack storage API’s, as well as Ceph. Prior to joining the Helion team at HPE, Pete was with HPE Storage for 10 years where he was responsible for research and development, technical marketing, and product marketing for Scale Out Network Attached Storage. In his tenure in HPE Storage, Pete was also instrumental in developing storage solutions for desktop client virtualization and mobility, as well as vertical market storage solutions for Healthcare, Life Sciences, and Media and Entertainment. Pete holds Bachelor of Science degrees in Electrical and Computer Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin, as well as a Master of Business Administration from the University of Denver. Pete is an avid runner and cyclist, having completed numerous marathons and triathlons worldwide and raced many bike races in his home state of Colorado. You can catch Pete’s latest whereabouts and thoughts on cloud storage on his Twitter account @cloudstorageguy.  )*
