Ceph, containers and performance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Containers and the world of microservices have been getting a lot of traction recently as companies are investing in containerizing their applications. Storage is an integral part of the solution and forms a key component of the architecture, as the entire platform must be deployed, managed and orchestrated in containers. The Ceph cluster will be entirely containerized, all daemons will live inside Docker containers. After explaining why we are doing this, we will go through several use cases for containerizing Ceph and orchestrating it with Kubernetes. We will start from the deployment phase, and continue on to upgrades and the entire management life cycle of the solution. We will characterize the storage performance of applications running in containers that are using the Ceph kernel block driver (krbd) to provide persistent storage. We will close with a reference architecture of how to optimize krbd for the lowest latency, catering to RDBMS hosting environments.


* **Kyle Bader** *(Kyle Bader is a Senior Solution Architect working in the Storage Solutions Team at Red Hat, lending his design and operational skills with Ceph to help develop tested solutions that ensure repeatable success when deploying distributed, fault-tolerent, multi-petabyte storage systems. Prior to Red Hat, Kyle had architectural roles at both Inktank and DreamHost. Kyle was part of the team that brought the first production Ceph clusters to the world, supporting DreamHost's DreamObjects and DreamCompute services.)*

* **Tushar Gohad** *(Tushar is part of Intel's Data Center Group where his primary area of focus is Software Defined/Scale-out Storage Architecture. Tushar has been working in the open-source networking and storage-related technologies for over a decade now – his recent contributions were to Erasure Code data path in OpenStack Swift, Intel’s Storage Performance Dev Kit (SPDK) and networking in the Linux kernel. Prior to joining Intel, Tushar was a lead open-source/Linux kernel developer at Cavium Networks/MontaVista Software where his focus was data-plane packet processing acceleration in all-Linux environments involving UIO, IPv6 enabling in the Linux ecosystem, Linux namespaces/containers and Linux IPsec scalability improvements. Tushar holds a Masters degree in Computer Science.)*

* **Sébastien Han** *(Sebastien Han currently works as a Principal Software Engineer, Storage Architect for Red Hat. He has been involved since 2011 with OpenStack and Ceph and has built a strong expertise around these two technologies. Curious and passionate, he loves working on bleeding edge technologies and always hope to find a suitable spot to integrate his two favorite technologies. In 2013, he started to work with containers and ultimately implemented containerised Docker Ceph services. On a daily basis, he loves to rotate between these three areas where he always makes sure to strengthen the integration between all of them. From time to time, he attends various summits and events where he evangelises these technologies and their usage. In addition, he always devotes a third part of his time to blogging. But this... is just the beginning :).)*
