Converge and Conquer: OpenStack Converged Compute with Ceph SDS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Deployment factors of orchestrated converged compute with Ceph block storage explored in this talk. The hyper-convergence server is a software-centric architecture that tightly integrates compute, storage, and networking on commodity hardware. Many compute servers in the in data centers have internal storage disks, but block storage is provided by dedicated SANs.  As a result, much of the local storage on compute nodes remains un- or underutilized. Ceph stores data on distributed commodity servers and provides interfaces for object and block storage. While Ceph is often run on dedicated servers, it can make more sense to converge OpenStack compute and Ceph on the same nodes and employ the unused local hard disks as drives for Ceph OSDs. Converged Ceph can significantly reduce storage costs in comparison to proprietary iSCSI arrays.  It allows for a scalable storage infrastructure that grows as compute capacity increases, and eliminates the need for dedicated Block storage system.


* **Jacob Caspi** *(Jacob Caspi is a Principal Technical at AT&T's Domain 2.0 Architecture team, currently responsible for the architecture of the AT&T Integrated Cloud (AIC), including compute, storage and network underlay.  Jacob joined AT&T in 2011 to manage the design and implementation of OpenStack-based geo-distributed cloud computing services at multiple data centers across the US, with thousands of Compute nodes and Petabytes of Swift Object storage.   Mr. Caspi came to AT&T from Sun Microsystem where he managed engagements in the Financial Services Area, including the introduction of Sun’s $1/CPU/Hour cloud computing offer using Sun Grid Engine for orchestration and Solaris zones/containers virtualization technology.  )*

* **Kiko Reis** *(I am a VP at Canonical and a long-time Ubuntu and open source contributor. I'm responsible for Canonical's storage, server enablement & automation products, but also get involved occasionally in other complicated and wonderful areas on the fringes of technology. I have an MSc in Software Engineering from ICMC USP, and live in São Carlos, Brazil, with my amazing wife Mari and two funny little toddlers.  )*

* **Christian Huebner** *(Christian Huebner works at the Mountain View head office of Mirantis, Inc. as Senior OpenStack Storage and Cloud Architect. Coming from a conventional storage architecture background, Christian moved into cloud storage before joining Mirantis and later into general cloud architecture. He currently is spearheading Big Data and Storage architecture projects for Mirantis customers with the focus on providing reference architectures and technical and organizational assistance for a wide range of storage technologies. In addition to the storage focus, Christian is providing architectural guidance and implementation consulting as well as subject matter expertise for a wide variety of customer OpenStack cloud projects. Christian has been a speaker at the five most recent OpenStack Summits, presenting topics from his experience as architect and storage subject matter expert.)*
