The Efficient Object Store:  Large Scale Geo-Distributed Erasure Coding Swift Deployments
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Deployments of large-scale geo-distributed Swift using local and distributed erasure coding compared in this talk. Common swift data replication is 3x, assuring that each copy is on a different drive and a different storage node.  However, 3x replication, result in low hardware utilization comparing to RAID solutions.  Erasure coding has been recently become available in Swift, making data replication a more efficient 1.5x in a single location.   Greater data durability can be achieved by replicating the objects across multiple data centers.  With replication across data centers, resiliency can increase from 3x9’s in a single data center to 8x9’s with two data centers and 12x9’s with three data centers.  More recent developments allow for geo-distributed erasure coding which drive higher hardware utilization across data centers.  Instead of keeping full local replication, data can be distributed across 3 or more locations while maintaining a low 2x replication across all sites.


* **Jacob Caspi** *(Jacob Caspi is a Principal Technical at AT&T's Domain 2.0 Architecture team, currently responsible for the architecture of the AT&T Integrated Cloud (AIC), including compute, storage and network underlay.  Jacob joined AT&T in 2011 to manage the design and implementation of OpenStack-based geo-distributed cloud computing services at multiple data centers across the US, with thousands of Compute nodes and Petabytes of Swift Object storage.   Mr. Caspi came to AT&T from Sun Microsystem where he managed engagements in the Financial Services Area, including the introduction of Sun’s $1/CPU/Hour cloud computing offer using Sun Grid Engine for orchestration and Solaris zones/containers virtualization technology.  )*

* **Caleb Tennis** *(Caleb is an engagement manager and consulting engineer at SwiftStack. He helps bridge the gap between sales, support, and engineering, working with customers, partners, and the OpenStack Swift community daily. Caleb technical expert on SwiftStack software and provide guidance and support to customers and prospects in their evaluation and usage of our software defined storage product line. He also provide guidance in integrating SwiftStack into the customer data center. This includes assessments and recommendations around hardware, data center layout, network infrastructure requrements, data security needs and issues, VPN management and configuration, and other technical implementation details.)*

* **James Clark** *(James is a Cloud Architect at Solinea where he helps enterprises and service providers deploy and integrate OpenStack into their organisations. His work with clients spans from strategy and roadmap developemnt, through to architecture, design, and adoption.  He is based in Solinea’s Seoul office, covering the APJ region. Prior to joining Solinea, James was Chief Architect for the kt (the former Korea Telecom) OpenStack platform development program. His background is in service provider networking and software development.)*
