Cisco Cloud Center Architecture with Openstack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Openstack has demonstrated to be a solid platform to deploy cloud services, in public or private environments. By talking with SP or Cloud Providers, we have realized that their end users' workloads still require heterogeneous environments, MSFT, VMWare, Linux. Also, they need to interface to legacy systems: payment or OSS/BSS systems that are needed for ongoing operations. So, they need to have an upper layer of management and control that interfaces with theses systems but also is able to use Openstack to orchestrate underneath cloud-native applications.Cisco Cloud Center is an Application-driven policy orchestration engine that allows customers to deploy their applications in any public or private cloud. When Cloud Center is connected to Openstack, it provides a powerful solution for customers to transparently manage their applications from a service broker portal and use the power of Openstack underneath to automate these applications on the data center.


* **Hector Morales** *(Hector Morales is a Senior Cloud Lead Architect in Cloud and Business Services Group for Global Service Provider Organization responsible of Cisco Cloud Collaboration and IoT Architectures. He supports sales engineering and business development on Next-Gen Collaboration and IoT, Cisco Cloud Architectures, Virtual Managed Services and NFV Opportunities. He is also a Technical Speaker on Openstack Architecture and Operations and Cloud Collaboration Architecture, member of Openstack Community and Technical Advisor. He also supports the development of SP Cloud Solutions, New Consumption Models and Cloud Architectures.With a successful 21 year professional career in the Technology Industry and broad experience on technical sales and strategic complex opportunities, he has served as Trusted Advisor in Customer Boards and Business Units. Currently is chairman in Appllications for Future Internet Organization in the European Alliance for Innovation. BS on Electrical Engineering from Monterrey Institute of Technology and MBA from Thunderbird School of Managament, Phoenix University.  )*

* **Faustino Aranda** *(Faustino is a Systems Engineer, based in México City. Faustino's experience  includes the architecture design, development, coding, setup and operation of VoIP, Orchestration/automation and Cloud solutions. He joined Cisco in june 2012 as the Consulting Systems Engineer responsible of supporting Cisco Cloud automation and orchestration solutions across LATAM; he is currently the Data Center and Cloud Systems Engineer for Service Providers in Mexico.)*
