Multi-Site OpenStack Cloud Orchestration With Integrated WAN and Public Cloud Connectivity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this talk CPLANE NETWORKS will describe how its Multi-Site Manager (MSM) for OpenStack seamlessly orchestrates compute, storage and networking resources across globally distributed cloud computing sites.CPLANE recently announced the selection of MSM by PCCW Global, a major communications service provider, to orchestrate OpenStack resources for its global cloud service. MSM provides API consolidation and correlation from Horizon and northbound business support systems and then seamlessly orchestrates OpenStack resources (including user authentication via Keystone) across multiple sites. In addition to using CPLANE’s data center networking for its OpenStack cloud center networking, our Overlay Gateway Router (OGR) provides VXLAN virtual overlay connectivity to PCCW Global’s wide area network and public clouds. This talk will present an architectural overview of MSM and a demonstration of multi-site OpenStack service orchestration.


* **Saurabh Mohan** *(Over ten years of experience as networking software engineer and architect. I have been part of companies and product as co-founder, early team member at startups and through acquisitions by large networking product vendors. Helped with product definition, product roadmaps and taken products from concept to successful delivery to customers. Experience in multi-threaded-using Intel dpdk- and ASIC based data-path of network router and switches and supervisor architecture of network routers and switches. Authored new Linux kernel networking module (ip_vti.ko). Filed and issued three patents. I have extensive experience with building security features like IPSec VPN, L2TP. Virtual networking expertise with Openstack (neutron), ovs, overlay networking. Integration with kvm, qemu. Name-space (container) overlay networking.)*

* **John Casey** *(John Casey contributes over 20 years of deep technology leadership. His proven success with a variety of technical leadership roles in Telecom, Enterprise and Government and in software design and development provide the foundation for the system architecture and engineering team. At CPLANE NETWORKS John is responsible for all aspects of technical strategy and innovation, and product engineering.  Previously John led worldwide deployment teams for both IBM’s Software Group and Narus, Inc. His work in large scale, high performance system design at Transarc Labs and Walker Interactive Systems brings leadership to the CPLANE NETWORKS product suite.)*
