OpenStack to external network/public cloud integration with x86-based gateways
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this talk CPLANE NETWORKS will describe how its Overlay Gateway Router (OGR) can be used to provide OpenStack-enabled data center VXLAN virtual overlay connectivity to external network resources such as MPLS networks, legacy infrastructure, or public clouds such as Amazon Web Services. OGR, which runs on any x86-based device as a physical or virtual network function (PNF/VNF) utilizes CPLANE’s SDN Service Orchestration Platform for configuration and management services. The Platform provides a common service framework for all of CPLANE’s data center, wide area, and edge network services. OGR uses the same Open vSwitch (OVS) that provides compute node networking for CPLANE’s Dynamic Virtual Networks – Data Center (DVNd) VXLAN virtual overlay product. The session will include a demonstration of provisioning gateway connections via CPLANE user interface (console) and/or APIs.


* **Saurabh Mohan** *(Over ten years of experience as networking software engineer and architect. I have been part of companies and product as co-founder, early team member at startups and through acquisitions by large networking product vendors. Helped with product definition, product roadmaps and taken products from concept to successful delivery to customers. Experience in multi-threaded-using Intel dpdk- and ASIC based data-path of network router and switches and supervisor architecture of network routers and switches. Authored new Linux kernel networking module (ip_vti.ko). Filed and issued three patents. I have extensive experience with building security features like IPSec VPN, L2TP. Virtual networking expertise with Openstack (neutron), ovs, overlay networking. Integration with kvm, qemu. Name-space (container) overlay networking.)*

* **John Casey** *(John Casey contributes over 20 years of deep technology leadership. His proven success with a variety of technical leadership roles in Telecom, Enterprise and Government and in software design and development provide the foundation for the system architecture and engineering team. At CPLANE NETWORKS John is responsible for all aspects of technical strategy and innovation, and product engineering.  Previously John led worldwide deployment teams for both IBM’s Software Group and Narus, Inc. His work in large scale, high performance system design at Transarc Labs and Walker Interactive Systems brings leadership to the CPLANE NETWORKS product suite.)*
