ManageIQ - Cloud Management Platform & Roadmap
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

ManageIQ is the open source project that powers Red Hat® CloudForms. Drive your complete virtual infrastructure with ManageIQ. Manage the lifecycle of your applications, place virtual workloads according to your business priorities, and — automatically through policies you set — balance your costs, performance, security, and reliability across cloud platforms. ManageIQ lets you control everything, completely, from one end of a virtual machine lifecycle to the other. The ManageIQ community is growing quickly, Red Hat, Google, Nuage, Chef, BBVA, VM Turbo are just a few of the members who contribute to the project. The velocity of ManageIQ is quite astounding; the recent release saw more than 100 new capabilities and features from its previous release. Constantly adding more providers for Compute, Storage, Networking and others giving you more visibility to your environments.  


* **John Hardy** *(Works at Red Hat as the Product Manager for CloudForms. I am easily excited about Cloud, Virt and Containers. I have been working with high-end technologies since birth, and have been involved in a number of successful startups to be sold on to the largest tech companies.   I have been fortunate to work in both vendor and customer environments gaining experience many vendors lack.   I am super happy to be involved in the CloudForms product line, and have a lot of exposure to the upstream ManageIQ community that drives the technology.   We are truly changing the perception of Open Source Management solutions with ManageIQ and CloudForms, which is pretty much how my collogues and my past has always been, bringing to the industry “Desired State” and more recent “Smart State” technologies.   Outside of work, I am a keen RC Heli flyer, and whilst my job involves a lot of travel, one of my heli’s travels with me most of the time. I also ride very rarely now, Felicity. My Repsol FireBlade RR, enjoy skiing, run a 5k most days and entertain my 4 children family.          )*
