SEN - A Modular and Extensible Cloud Scheduler
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

SEN is a general purpose open source cloud scheduler project. It tracks CPU, memory and other resources to determine scheduling policy. It has extensible architecture with two main goals: to support various cloud computing solutions on the market including OpenStack, and to allow addition of new scheduling algorithms and configuring the current ones. SEN comes with 2 virtual machine/volume placement algorithms to be readily used, namely RoundRobin and BestFitDecreasing which particularly aims energy efficiency on the cluster. Machine learning based VM placement algorithms are also being studied by SEN team. SEN takes account of affinity definitions, CPU models, and migration cost of the new VM placement while calculating the algorithm. SEN core and its OpenStack adapters are implemented and ready to be used. It is tested with various CPU, memory loads, flavors and heterogeneous CPU architectures on Mitaka and Liberty. Energy consumption is measured using hardware energy logger device.


* **Hayati Gonultas** *(Hayati GONULTAS had his bachelor degree from Istanbul University Computer Engineering Department, and masters degree from Gebze Technical University. He's been working at TUBITAK BILGEM since 2006. He has experience on linux system programming, network programming, big data technologies, and Openstack administration and development. He is currently working on cloud and big data projects in Cloud Computing and Big Data Research Laboratory (B3Lab) at Information Technologies Institute, TUBITAK-BILGEM Openstackdaysistanbul 2016 - Speaker Mirantis Certified Administrator for OpenStack - Professional Level Certified Scrum Master PSM I B3LAB Big Data Summer School - Instructor (2013, 2014, 2015) Projects: SEN - Scheduler Enhanced: http://b3lab.org/sen-scheduler-enhanced Damla Search Engine: https://goo.gl/H0wrr9 SKAAS (Digital Storage Archive and Analysis System): http://goo.gl/ofuVY7 BETASIS (Document Tracking System): http://goo.gl/ieXek0  )*
