Operations as a Service: Lessons learnt operating multiple Cloud Foundry on OpenStack deployments
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

According to OpenStack users survey, Cloud Foundry is the 2nd most popular workload on OpenStack. You want to deploy Cloud Foundry on OpenStack or already have. What's next? Cloud Foundry continues to evolve with revolutionary changes, e.g move from bosh-micro to bosh-init, using the new eCPI, move to Diego etc. Same with OpenStack, e.g changes from Keystone v2 to v3, from Liberty to Mitaka, network plugins changes etc. Both IaaS and PaaS layers are changing frequently. How do you do in-place updates/upgrades/operational tasks without impacting user experience at both the layers? In this talk will discuss our lessons learnt operating hybrid Cloud Foundry deployments on top of OpenStack over the last two years and how we used underlying technologies to seamlessly operate them 1. BOSH2. Razor3. Ansible playbooks via Ursula4. Jenkins 5. Graphite-ELK6. Rally We will also detail community tools to validate if Cloud Foundry deployment will work on your OpenStack etc.


* **Animesh Singh** *(Animesh Singh is an STSM and Lead for IBM Cloud Platform and Infrastructure. He has been with IBM for more than 10 years and currently works with customers in designing cloud computing solutions on OpenStack and Cloud Foundry. He has been leading cutting edge projects for IBM enterprise customers in Telco, Banking, and Healthcare Industries, around cloud and virtualization technologies. He has a proven track record of driving design and implementation of private and public cloud solutions from concept to production. He also led the design and development first IBM public cloud offering, and is currently leading initiatives in IBM around OpenStack, CloudFoundry and Bluemix)*

* **Jesse Proudman** *(In 2003, technology entrepreneur Jesse Proudman parlayed his passion for the “plumbing” of the Internet into the creation of Blue Box Group, a Seattle-based private cloud hosting company. As Founder and CTO, Proudman has guided the company’s rapid growth and multiple successful funding rounds. He received GeekWire’s 2014 Young Entrepreneur of the Year honor,  and is a member of the 2013 class of Puget Sound Business Journal’s 40 Under 40. A regional semifinalist for the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award, Jesse is a well-regarded speaker, writer and contributes as a leader and coder in various open source projects. In mid-2015, Blue Box was acquired by IBM to become a cloud innovation hub in Seattle.)*
