GUTS: Not an OpenStack distro. Making the move to an OpenStack cloud easier.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

GUTS is a workload migration engine designed to automatically move existing workloads and virtual machines from various previous generation virtualisation platforms on to OpenStack. GUTS also provides an alternative to upgrading old versions of OpenStack to newer versions OpenStack clouds by migrating and then cutting over resources between them.   An Open Source project that aims to make the move to an OpenStack cloud easier, GUTS addresses the various difficulties operators and administrators face when migrating workloads from existing clouds into OpenStack.


* **Kavit Munshi** *(Kavit is the CTO of Aptira, heads Aptira's Indian operations and has 15 years of experience in designing and deploying Enterprise and Telco solutions.   He is also the founder of the Indian OpenStack User Group and the OpenStack Ambassador for the region. Kavit is also an Individual Director member of the OpenStack Board of Directors.   Kavit has been a driving force behind the Indian OpenStack community and has interwoven  this into Aptira's deep involvement with OpenStack. He has helped organise numerous OpenStack events in India and loves to work with students driving their involvement with OpenStack. As an active OpenStack Ambassador his priorities are to help the OpenStack Community grow in South Asia by increasing the engagement of the burgeoning OpenSource community in academia with the OpenStack project. Kavit also realises the importance of startups to innovation and always looks to promote OpenStack in that space. Kavit has a vision for India as a Centre of Innovation to develop and commercialise intellectual property rather than an offshoring destination. Kavit has been mentoring students and young entrepreneurs to that end.)*

* **Alok Kumar** *(My name is Alok Kumar and I am a full-stack web application developer currently based in Bangalore, India with over 6 years of extensive experience in python and django in designing, developing and maintaining web solutions. Over the past year, I have been exploring OpenStack internals, and maintains a major focus on Dashboard & Networking components of OpenStack. I have shared my OpenStack learning journey with beginners wishing to learn more about Neutron and how to contribute to OpenStack in numerous articles which have been shared on Superuser. I have also conducted Neutron workshops as part OpenStack Days to large ops & dev audiences, assisting them in a wider range of OpenStack projects including storage and automation. You will find me highly enthusiastic and passionate about a range of topics, from learning new technologies and automation tricks to sharing knowledge within the community and discussing football strategies.)*

* **Bharat Kumar Kobagana** *(I have been an OpenStack developer since 2011. I have extended my contributions to Glance, Nova, Cinder, GlusterFS (Cinder volume driver), devstack, and other projects. I was part of the core team for cinder-glusterfs driver. Currently, I am part of the OpenStack development team for Aptira Pty Ltd. My current role as OpenStack specialist is developing a new project in OpenStack called GUTS, which provides Workload Migration as a Service.)*
