Showback & Chargeback!! OpenStack Gnocchi + Cloudkitty as a Whole Billing System
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Openstack gnocchi and cloudkitty are the two shining projects for "Metric aggregation as a service" and "rating and chargeback component for openstack" .They are pretty new to the openstack universe, but are amazing projects that came to stay and bring a whole new possibilities to extract priceless information of cloud usage and togheter, they create what we can call, the first time "Rating and Billing system for openstack".How cloud managers can measure the usage and consumption of different cloud resource from Domains, projects, and users, "clients". And transform that values into an invoice to start the payment collection.


* **Leandro Reox** *(Leandro has over 10 years of experience in technologies focused on networking, security, scalability and performance tuning. Leandro is a lover of free software. He has worked at large companies such as Global Crossing/Level3, AT&T and IBM as a senior network engineer. When he joined Mercadolibre, his role was to design the SDN architecture and the network hardware integration and design for the massive environment. At NubeliU, Leandro is the networking expert.)*

* **Stéphane Albert** *(Hi, my name is Stéphane Albert, a french guy living in Toulouse. I work at Objectif Libre mainly around OpenStack and IT automation. My main task is to bring CloudKitty to life to add reporting and pricing with Ceilometer metrics in OpenStack. My main interests are Python, OpenStack (how surprising ;)), networking and Open Source software. When I'm not at my computer I repair arcade systems and hack on electronics.)*

* **Alejandro Comisario** *(Alejandro has been on IT for over 11 years, Debian Linux and Python fan, Alejandro has been around OpenSource for quite long, born as a C++ developer on his early years, passed over Infrastructure and learned to love performance, scaling & automation on linux.Passing thru companies like Techint (A leading global manufacturer and supplier of steel tubes) and Sony as a Linux Senior Sysadmin, Alejandro was Cloud Services  head technical leader being one of the founders of the Mercadolibre's private cloud, the biggest Latin America's openstack private cloud. Investigate cutting edge technology to constantly implement to orchestrate the Openstack private cloud, to make sure the high availability and performance of the platform. Alejandro is now CTO at nubeliu.com, the first Latin American company to bring openstack to the region, making sure that all the biggest till the smallest companies know that openstack its the best that )*
