Architectural Design considerations for Openstack planning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Design an Openstack Cloud infrastructure is not a trivial task. There are so many variables to be considered that your choices must be cautiously made. Meet workloads/cloud users expectations should be the ultimate goal, while minimally considering high-availability, resiliency, robustness, application response time, latency, and overall performance. According to April's Openstack User Survey, the top 3 workloads for production environment are comprised of Software dev/test/QA and CI (44%), Infrastructure services (35%), and Web Services and e-commerce (29%). We will use a new open testing framework that we have developed to run on top of IaaS Business Critical Applications. We will explain how some choices can impact your Openstack Cloud infrastructure. We will walk you through our latest findings with regards to: * Different processors generations, and impacts on overall infrastructure * CEPH performance (Comparing HDDs and SSDs) * Memory, Network and Application level metrics


* **Marcelo Pinheiro** *(16 years in the IT field working in several initiatives and projects. Experience from Datacenter planning, operations, admin, team management and product and solutions development in these past years. Working relationship with multiple players such as: Intel, HP, IBM, Dell, Cisco, 3Com, Enterasys, Motorola, SonicWall, OS servers platforms: Linux, FreeBSD, Windows, Vmware and monitoring tools Nagios, Zenoss, Zabbix, etc. Openstack planning and deployment experience in private cloud POCs, and deployments different customers/partners. As a part-time job, I have 7+ years of teaching experience including CCNA, CCNA Security and CCNP @Networking Academies, Wireless, Computer Networks, Operating Systems, Security at different Universities (graduation and post graduation courses). Fluent in Portuguese(native), English and Spanish Currently, working at Intel Corporation as a Cloud Solutions Architect as part of Product Collaboration and Systems Division, under Data Center Engineering Group.)*

* **Patryk Wolsza** *(Patryk is a Data Center Architect in the Intel Cloud Platforms Group, with a focus on Software Defined Infrastructure. With more than 12 years of expertise in different virtualization and cloud platforms, Patryk has broad experience in cloud solutions, system designs, influencing data center designs and understanding connections between ordinary Data Centers, virtualization and SDI. He believes that mastering the purpose of existing cloud solutions is the key to deliver and maintain the complete product, hardware and software, for any demand.)*
