OpenStack For VMware Technologists
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Is OpenStack just a free alternative to VMware technologies or are there substantive differences? Is there a way to integrate VMware technologies like vSphere with OpenStack? As OpenStack continues to gain momentum and grow in user adoptoon, VMware admins and architects are being asked to evaluate, deploy and manage new OpenStack clouds. This presentation will walk through the OpenStack architecture and it's various components and explain them to VMware technologists using concepts familiar to them. We will walk through what uses cases are best for OpenStack and what use cases are best on VMware infrastructure. We will also drill down on how OpenStack is able to integrate with vSphere using the vCenter nova driver, neutron, and cinder. Although we will be briefly evaluate various OpenStack offerings that integrate with vSphere, this will NOT be a product pitch or product presentation. All technical detail presented will be based on the upstream code.  


* **Kenneth Hui** *(Kenneth Hui is a Senior Technical Marketing Manager and a Cloud Evangelist at Rackspace. Ken is passionate about helping customers with their Cloud Computing journey and is an official OpenStack Ambassador. Ken blogs about cloud computing, distributed systems, and OpenStack at http://cloudarchitectmusings.com. He lives in New York City where he can indulge in his love of great food from all around the world. You can follow Ken on Twitter @kenhuiny.)*

* **Eric Wright** *(Eric Wright is a Principal Solutions Engineer and Technology Evangelist at VMTurbo, VMware vExpert, and Cisco Champion with a background in virtualization, VMware, OpenStack, Business Continuity, PowerShell scripting and systems automation in many industries including financial services, health services and engineering firms. As the author behind DiscoPosse.com, a technology and virtualization blog, Eric is also a regular contributor to community driven technology groups such as the VMUG organization in Toronto, Canada.When Eric is not working in technology, you may find him with a guitar in his hand or riding a local bike race or climbing over the obstacles on a Tough Mudder course. Eric also commits time regularly to charity bike rides and running events to help raise awareness and funding for cancer research through a number of organizations.)*
