The Cloud Can
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

A typical cloud deployment focuses on technical requirements and day one implementation. However, after implementation, day two operations kick in. Your team needs to be ready to manage, monitor, and maintain the cloud environment to the expectations of your users. This session focuses on experience from successful production deployments and the use of various strategies and technologies to handle operation of a successful cloud environment. We’ll cover architecture, deployment, networking, storage, monitoring, and management. The attendees will see working examples to demonstrate best practices and management strategies for operational cloud deployments. Attendees will leave with an understanding of the infrastructure components and various technologies used together for an enterprise-grade, manageable OpenStack cloud.


* **Ruchika Kharwar** *(Ruchika Kharwar am a Cloud Success Architect at Redhat. She spends her time working with customers helping them take their POCs to production by enabling integration of various features and components to given them the cloud they want. She helps them with phasing their adoption of the cloud and working across the spectrum with engineerings, sales and process. Ruchika comes with several years of embedded system development at Texas Instruments and she gradually transitioned to the server industry working on ceph storage solutions and then expanding her skills to openstack.   )*

* **Kevin Jones** *(Kevin Jones is a Cloud Architect for Red Hat. His mission is to bring OpenStack into public service for Government, Research, and Educational entities. Kevin spends his time working with customers to define use cases around cloud and devops. Kevin has significant experience working with research and scientific computing entities to determine best fit for OpenStack and other technologies. Kevin comes to Red Hat from NASA Langley Research Center where he was the Chief Technologist for IT. In his role at NASA, he helped evangelize the use of hybrid cloud computing. Kevin came up in his career as a developer first and via curiosity, migrated to a holistic approach focused on utilizing technology to deliver business results. Kevin has been in the IT industry in Public Sector space since 2001. He came up as a developer and evolved into a full bore cloud solution architect. He carries Red Hat certification in OpenStack and Solution Architect certification in Amazon Web Services.)*
