Telco NFV Growing Pains – Real World Problems and Solutions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Many of the world's leading service providers are accelerating their movement towards wide-scale OpenStack deployments for Telco NFV applications. After several years of laying the preliminary groundwork in terms of architecture, standardization, and more recently proof of concept trials, operators across the globe are now solidifying deployment plans for NFV infrastructure and transitioning away from purpose-built hardware. But in the process of moving from the proof-of-concept phase to a deployable solution, operators have encountered many roadblocks such as performance, scaling, and interoperability issues. We will identify and focus on some of the most critical implementation issues facing NFV end users and service providers today, as they move towards large-scale deployments. Targeted use of NFVi acceleration in the form of SmartNICs will be discussed as a possible solution to address performance and scaling issues.


* **Nick Tausanovitch** *(Nick is the VP of Solutions Architecture at Netronome, where he has been instrumental in driving the company’s SmartNIC acceleration and offload strategy for Cloud IaaS and Telco NFV. In that capacity, Nick has been closely involved with Telco and Cloud Service Providers as they navigate their way towards the optimization and deployment of their cloud data center solutions.   Nick's role includes hardware, software, and network architecture responsibilities. Nick and his organization have been at the forefront of NFV acceleration and offload efforts, working closely with partners and the open source communities over the past several years. In this period, Netronome has developed and delivered to production ground-breaking solutions that greatly accelerate virtual switching, and are tightly integrated with OpenStack and OpenDaylight. Nick’s close interactions with OEMs and end users through multiple PoCs and deployments have given him very practical insight into real-world problems and solutions that he likes to share whenever possible at conferences and webinars.)*
