Deploying and Operating Trove in Production: Reference Architectures and considerations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Trove allows users to provision and manage the lifecycle of over a dozen relational and NoSQL databases. This talk provides a detailed description of the OpenStack Trove architecture, and common reference architectures for deploying Trove. Trove's architecture is very similar to other OpenStack services in that it has a number of control plane components (API, Task Manager, Conductor), but is different from other services in that it has a guest agent that runs in the guest instance; an instance that runs in tenant context. Proper configuration is therefore crucial to stable and secure operation of Trove. This talk begins with a detailed description of the architecture of Trove, the control plane components and the components that run in the guest instances. It describes the various steps that typically must be performed in installing Trove, and how the various components interact with each other.


* **Amrith Kumar** *(Amrith Kumar is an active technical contributor to the OpenStack project, and a member of the Trove core review team. He is also a member of the OpenStack Foundation Job Analysis Task Force and an author of the book on OpenStack Trove. He is the author of the book on OpenStack Trove (published by Apress, http://www.apress.com/9781484212226). He brings more than two decades of experience delivering industry-leading products for companies specializing in enterprise storage applications, fault tolerant high performance systems and massively parallel databases to Tesora, which he co-founded. Earlier, he served as vice president of technology and product management at Dataupia, maker of the Satori Data Warehousing platform , and Sepaton’s director and general manager where he was responsible for the development of the core virtual tape library product. As a director of product development at Netezza, he managed end-to-end product delivery for all customers and prospects. Amrith studied mathematics at the University of Madras (India) and management at the Indian Institute of Management. )*

* **Thanukrishnamurthy Madhusudhanan** *(Thanu works on OpenStack on Oracle Solaris focussing mainly on Trove and Operating System features for OpenStack based cloud infrastructure. Thanu has a MS in Computer science, from Northwestern Polytechnic University, Fremont CA. Post Graduate Diploma in Software Technology (PGDST) from National Center for Software Technology (NCST). BS in Physics from University of Madras, India.15 years of experience in Unix, concentrating mostly on HP-UX, Linux and Solaris. Most of the work are on Networking, Filesystems (NFS, OGFS) Storage domains (HP-UX Mass Storage Stack), and Data Center Automation.)*
