How best to deliver micro-services and Apps. using Kubernetes and Docker, as an OpenStack operator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Have you and your Organization been evaluating OpenStack to help solve your business use-cases and application needs?  Somewhere along the way Docker and Kubernetes popped up on your horizon, and that got you pondering if you should be leveraging all or some of those options to deliver your apps effectively. If yes - then join us as we walk thru some viable options to enable Kubernetes and Docker to deliver apps. and services for your developers, users and tenants. Engage in a preemptive self-disruption exercise to better understand your OpenStack path going forward, as containers gain prominence. We’ll cover: Should you consider providing K8S clusters as an IaaS feature? Or is letting your cloud tenants  operate their own container layer a better architectural strategy? We’ll also discuss two architectural options:   Option(a) Delivering apps. and services w/ docker on bare metal versus option(b) Leveraging “Container ---> VM --> docker” for running your containerized workloads.


* **Amit Tank** *(Amit Tank is a Sr. Principal Cloud Architect with AT&T. He spends his time designing and building large scale cloud infrastructure, and leading projects and teams of technologists working towards putting OpenStack in production - while contributing the learnings back to the community. He enjoys helping enterprises, businesses and customers become fluent with OpenStack, Open Source, and Cloud skills and technologies within their organizations. Prior professional associations include several startups, DirecTV, Cisco, EMC, Hitachi, and Schindler among others.)*

* **Joseph Sandoval** *(Currently my role is Director, Cloud Engineering at Lithium Technologies (lithium.com) with 20 years experience with architecting, deploying and orchestrating in the datacenter and public cloud.   I've been involved with Openstack since 2012 and a operator since 2013. My current team has succesfully deployed Openstack to production to power Lithium Technologies SaaS. From my perspective I can help the community understand the challenges of running it at scale and guide other users who are undertaking this journey and the transformation learnings that it brings.    I'm also an organizer of the SF CloudOps meetup in San Franciso which is focused on helping other operators use devop tools and frameworks. Also as a under represented minority I'm very passionate supporting programs like code2040.org and the Telegraph Academy to increase the diversity in tech. )*
