Get more juice out of your Cloud - Dynamic Over Provisioning techniques
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In a multi-tenanted Enterprise Cloud deployment, every now and then, we face a situation where we wished we had more compute resource to service new requirements. Since capacity planning is not a fool-proof prediction of your growth, facing a resource crunch situation is inevitable. To mitigate this challenge, in this presentation, we will showcase techniques which you can use to run your cloud at maximum efficiency. We will showcase how to make the entire deployment elastic by innovatively expanding and contracting memory / CPU overcommits without penalising performance.


* **Pramod Bhandiwad ** *(Pramod has done his Bachelors in Computer Science Engineering. He brings with him  14 years of experience in the networking and systems domain. He currently heads the Technology Development team at Tata Communications Ltd, a global leader in network and cloud service providers. He is responsible for Openstack based Cloud development and deployment. He has deep understanding of all openstack components and in particular neutron, cinder, murano and sahara. He also has expertise in SDN/NFV technologies. Prior to joining Tata Communications, he was with IBM for 9+ years as Advisory Software Engineer. Between that period, he also had a stint with an ecommerce startup as a Co-Founder and CTO.   Invention Portfolio Invention Plateau holder at IBM Some of Patents Issued held by Pramod : Title: SHARING A TRANSMISSION CONTROL PROTOCOL PORT BY A PLURALITY OF APPLICATIONS Issued as Patent 8619801  in US Issued as Patent 8625626  in US Title: EFFICIENT DATA TRANSFER ON LOCAL NETWORK CONNECTIONS USING A PSUEDO SOCKET LAYER Issued as Patent 8544025  in US Title: HYPERVISOR-BASED DATA TRANSFER Issued as Patent 8468551 Title: METHOD TO EFFICIENTLY USE THE DISK SPACE WHILE UNARCHIVING. Issued as Patent 8275750  in US Issued as Patent 7  in CN Paper Publications (in ip.com) : Title: METHOD FOR FILTERED KERNEL TRACING CAPABILITY FOR NETWORK COMMUNICATION Title: METHOD TO ACCELERATE LARGESEND FEATURE ON TSO (TCP SEGMENT OFFLOAD) ENABLED ADAPTERS Title: FIREWALL RULE PROPAGATION SYSTEM Title: SOCKET LAYER OPTIMIZATION FOR LOCAL HOST CONNECTIONS. Title: METHOD TO EFFICIENTLY PROVISION NETWORK BANDWITH ACROSS WORKLOAD PARTITIONS Title: TCP SEGMENTATION OFFLOAD ASSISTED TCP LARGE RECEIVE OFFLOAD Title: METHOD TO ENHANCE HIGH-AVAILABILITY IN VIPA SETUP  )*

* **Saurabh Gupta** *(Saurabh has over 10 years of experience in PowerPC Architecture, AIX Kernel and TCP network stack components and Cloud development. He has contributed to 1) Performance improvements of Pthread POSIX library and loader/linker subsystem. 2) Power System Software support for various data centers solutions. Currently he is involved with solving our image management platform using Packer as a building block. He holds a patent in AIX Power system quick shutdown/reboot performance enhancement and also has paper publications in AIX Power system Security domain. He has done Master of Science in Software Systems from BITS Pillani and has B.Tech in Computer Science.)*
