Reconciling Infrastructure Limitations With Cloud Native & DevOps Challenges
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Cloud-native applications and DevOps methodologies present big stressors for infrastructure designed and operated from a waterfall mindset. How do we change our infrastructure thinking to implement new ways of delivering software? In this panel discussion, we’ll look at what cloud-native (or cloud-first or next-generation) applications are all about, and why they are an important part of a modern enterprise’s transformation journey. Participants will learn about the key areas and challenges of infrastructure architecture, design and operations that must be examined when embracing these new models, including how failure is handled, resilience, API compatibility versus fidelity, etc.


* **Christopher Logan** *(Chris leads the practice for Application Modernization for EMC Global Services, primarily focused on Platform-as-a-Service, helping customers with Cloud Native adoption including infrastructure, app architecture, operations/governance and development processes.     Before joining EMC, Chris was lead app platform architect for The Walt Disney Company Parks and Resorts division, technical lead for the rewrite of the FBI’s NGI system at Lockheed Martin and lead architect for Iron Mountain Digital Archives.  Chris has a BS in Computer Science from the University of Illinois and is the co-inventor of two patents in the area of web application design.)*

* **Bart Driscoll** *(None)*

* **Ashish Nadkarni** *(Ashish Nadkarni is an Analyst and Research Director within IDC's worldwide infrastructure practice, which includes research on servers and operating environments, storage systems and software, and networking infrastructure for enterprise and cloud data centers.  As a part of IDC’s Storage, Ashish oversees research on software-defined storage, storage for Big Data and Analytics, Data Protection and Archiving, and Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery. He also participates in activities related to research on enterprise and cloud storage systems and software, software-defined infrastructure, infrastructure for and in the cloud. Ashish co-leads IDC's Global Overview program on Big Data and Analytics, one of the four pillar programs of IDC 3rd platform research agenda. This program tracks the infrastructure and software technologies associated with Big Data and Analytics. It also covers research on a wide range of related services, integration strategies, use cases, and go-to-market strategies.)*
