Autoscale your PaaS with OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Container management platforms like OpenShift bring a new level of scalability and flexibility to application development teams. OpenShift provides auto-scaling and elasticity to the containerized applications running on the platform by leveraging Docker and Kubernetes natively. However, what happens when the application demand exceeds the capacity of the platform itself? OpenShift does not currently auto-scale the underlying platform. But OpenStack offers a flexible, capable Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) offering to complement your Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS). Attendees will see a demonstration of the use of OpenStack as an IaaS to automatically scale OpenShift nodes based on application demand running on top of OpenShift PaaS. They should walk away with a fundamental understanding of how to use this type of solution in their own environments.


* **Kevin Jones** *(Kevin Jones is a Cloud Architect for Red Hat. His mission is to bring OpenStack into public service for Government, Research, and Educational entities. Kevin spends his time working with customers to define use cases around cloud and devops. Kevin has significant experience working with research and scientific computing entities to determine best fit for OpenStack and other technologies. Kevin comes to Red Hat from NASA Langley Research Center where he was the Chief Technologist for IT. In his role at NASA, he helped evangelize the use of hybrid cloud computing. Kevin came up in his career as a developer first and via curiosity, migrated to a holistic approach focused on utilizing technology to deliver business results. Kevin has been in the IT industry in Public Sector space since 2001. He came up as a developer and evolved into a full bore cloud solution architect. He carries Red Hat certification in OpenStack and Solution Architect certification in Amazon Web Services.)*

* **Jamie Duncan** *(Jamie has been at Red Hat for about 5 years, focusing on the problems unique to Public Sector customers. Prior to Red Hat, Jamie worked in the ‘big web’ world and spent some time at a bioinformatics startup.   At Red Hat, Jamie focuses on cloud-enabling technologies like OpenStack, docker, kubernetes and OpenShift among others. With most of these technologies, he has been involved with them since their infancy.   In his spare time, Jamie lives on a small farm west of Richmond, VA with dogs, cats, frogs, chickens, deer and a very understanding wife.)*
