Software Defined Infrastructure (SDI) even for the under-cloud – is that even possible?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Think back when you could go online and custom order your Dell server, thus holding little inventory, assembling on the fly. Imagine a pool of disaggregated hardware from which nodes can be dynamically composed and attached to or detached from a cloud, customized to the workload. For instance, a node for storage would be composed with significantly more SSDs than one for compute intensive workloads. Introducing Intel Rack Scale Design Extensions via PodManager that implements the Redfish API. We highlight its abilities to compose, boot, monitor, power on and off and address current limitations such as VLAN creation via APIs without directly programming the TOR Switch. We share Dell’s solution which integrates this with Fuel, to deploy OpenStack. Lastly, we share our motivation to develop Plasma, working with deployment tools such as Fuel, TripleO, Juju, to realize the vision of SDI, dynamically grow and shrink clouds through plugins in Nova, Ironic, Horizon and policies in Congress


* **Mrittika Ganguli** *(Mrittika is a Principal Engineer and Platform Software Architect in Cloud Platform Group, DCG – India and has 19 years of experience.  At Intel, Mrittika has worked on software systems design, development and architecture. Her work includes building the server system management software architecture for cloud and server hardware deployment for cloud in datacenters. She has been involved in Openstack projects within Intel since 2010. She was a co-creator and architect for a Openstack based product for SLO management Intel(R) SAA. She has 5 patents granted and 5 filed and multiple published papers. Workload charetcerization, orchestration in clouds and disaggregated Rack architectures are her current areas of work.)*

* **Malini Bhandaru** *(Malini Bhandaru, Ph.D., Intel, is an Senior Software Architect  with the Open source Technology Center at Intel.  She has been involved with OpenStack for over three years.  Her interests span security, key management, access control, dynamic resource scheduling, network function virtualization, and scalability. She co-authored the “OpenStack Security Guide”. Prior to her open source cloud endeavors she worked on power and performance aspects on Intel’s Xeon server product line.  Before joining Intel, she worked at Nuance, Verizon, and several start-ups in Massachusetts. She has two patents granted and nine more filed. She has a Ph.D. in Artificial Intelligence from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. She volunteers for science education activities and computer literacy. Through Intel she had the unique opportunity to develop and field trial in Bangladesh and India an Android application to assist farmers with their fertilizer needs. Malini lives in the Bay Area with her husband and sons, and enjoys gardening and hiking.)*

* **Alaa Yousif** *(Architect at DELL)*
