Best Practices for Database as a Service with Trove: Changing the Paradigm for OpenStack Databases
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Enterprises large and small find that the success of their cloud depends on bringing applications to the cloud. It is generally easier to migrate stateless workloads to the cloud, and it is often the case that working with database workloads is a major stumbling point to cloud adoption. This is also compounded by the wide variety of databases that enterprises employ. Even in the cloud, a number of users still deploy database software into virtual machines and containers using some home-grown orchestration but this increasingly has become a pain point. This talk describes how DBaaS using OpenStack Trove can fundamentally change the paradigm for databases in the cloud, and how it can considerably ease the pain in database consumption in the enterprise. Looking ahead, we see an evolution of DBaaS to encompass not just the existing SQL and NoSQL databases but also big-data solutions, and a data pipeline that will provide users with a unified data management platform for the enterprise.  


* **Amrith Kumar** *(Amrith Kumar is an active technical contributor to the OpenStack project, and a member of the Trove core review team. He is also a member of the OpenStack Foundation Job Analysis Task Force and an author of the book on OpenStack Trove. He is the author of the book on OpenStack Trove (published by Apress, http://www.apress.com/9781484212226). He brings more than two decades of experience delivering industry-leading products for companies specializing in enterprise storage applications, fault tolerant high performance systems and massively parallel databases to Tesora, which he co-founded. Earlier, he served as vice president of technology and product management at Dataupia, maker of the Satori Data Warehousing platform , and Sepaton’s director and general manager where he was responsible for the development of the core virtual tape library product. As a director of product development at Netezza, he managed end-to-end product delivery for all customers and prospects. Amrith studied mathematics at the University of Madras (India) and management at the Indian Institute of Management. )*
