Leveraging Hybrid, SDDC & Multi-Cloud Best Practices to attain portability of your Cloud Workloads
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Three leads in multi-infrastructure Ops. discuss real life examples of deploying applications that span multiple clouds and infrastructures as one contiguous platform. We’ll share best practices and architectures to ensure that workloads and applications are portable. Do you prefer not to become too over-reliant on one cloud? We’ll talk about common pitfalls that limit portability and how to avoid them. With few standards between public providers it is common to fall into the pit of vendor locked technology. The only standard that exists is the standard you make. Are you looking at containers because they enable your application portability? Please join us as we discuss how containers help improve your portability.  We will present data on various approaches to increase density, cover pros and cons of using containers on VMs, and talk about options like MAAS and Ironic.


* **Rob Hirschfeld** *(Rob Hirschfeld has been involved in OpenStack since the earliest days with a focus on ops and building the infrastructure that powers cloud and storage.  He's also co-Chair of the Kubernetes Cluster Ops SIG and a four term OpenStack board member. The RackN team has deep knowledge of Kubernetes (we've been deploying it on clouds and metal), OpenStack (we created the Crowbar project) and cloud native architecture (we migrated Digital Rebar to be micro-services). Basically, Rob has deep ops knowledge of both platforms AND experience with cloud native migrations. He's also a regular speaker at OpenStack Summits about items including SDN, interop and running Kubernetes. You can read more about my thoughts and positions regarding OpenStack and Cloud on my blog: http://RobHirschfeld.com.)*

* **Amit Tank** *(Amit Tank is a Sr. Principal Cloud Architect with AT&T. He spends his time designing and building large scale cloud infrastructure, and leading projects and teams of technologists working towards putting OpenStack in production - while contributing the learnings back to the community. He enjoys helping enterprises, businesses and customers become fluent with OpenStack, Open Source, and Cloud skills and technologies within their organizations. Prior professional associations include several startups, DirecTV, Cisco, EMC, Hitachi, and Schindler among others.)*

* **Peter Lopez** *(Peter is the principle architect for Technicolor focusing on Software Defined Data Center and overall IT strategy pertaining to modernization of process and technology. As an advised to larger global corporation and government entities for last the 20 years he has gain tremendous insight into trends in technology which have proven exceptionally valuable to the industry. Working with companies such as Disney, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman, IBM, Microsoft and the OpenStack Foundation has resulted designs and innovation which meet strict security and compliance needs but maintains the flexibility to drive todays agile innovation in public and private clouds.)*
