Highly Available Platform as a Service - Powered by Openstack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Building a platform as a service involves multiple architectural decisions and you have to fill tons of user expectations... from making it high available to provide plethora of services. On this talk we will see the technical details on how to create a highly available platform as a service which will provide 99.99% of SLA on all your customers applications, all of them sitting on our openstack private cloud. On this presentation you we will take you through   Architectural diagrams (Network diagrams, Infrastructure diagrams) Components of the platform as a service (Storage, Network, Automation, Images, Schedulers, Loadbalancers) Automation Workflow (One button deployment for all your platforma as a service) Creating platform services (Templates, database as a service, message bus as a service, batch processing as a service and more). Demo of user experience  


* **Miguel Zuniga** *(Experience technical lead, who during his past 10 years in the field has worked with physical, virtual and cloud technologies. He is a supporter of all open source projects and evangelist of using open source tools. Now is a member of the Symantec's Cloud Platform Engineering leading the Platform as a Service.  During his free time he enjoys reverse engineering how technologies work just for the fun of it. Some of his favorite past and ongoing projects include:   Virtual HA Cluster using CentOS/RedHat Cluster Suite and VMware Server 1 (2006) Automated datacenter provisioning and deployment using open source tools (2010)   Open source in-house S3 (2012) OpenEscalar cloud management framework (ongoing) Canister container management and provisioning (ongoing)     His past work experience includes:   Sr Cloud Lead at Paypal Tech Lead at Electronic Arts Digital Platorm  Sr. Cloud Engineer at Rackspace Cloud Sites Sr. Linux Engineer at GlaxoSmithKline Sr. Linux Engineer at GE Corporate International Contracts)*
