Wizard – Generalized Execution Service in Cloud Computing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Wizard is high-performance dynamic execution service for multi-purpose computing. It has been developed on the context of consistent and scalable computing requirements on the machine learning model calculation, and is extending to the external areas step by step. Wizard provides simple, flexible primitives for managing and operating the executions. These primitives allow various approaches to dynamic program execution to support for various computing environments and performance requirements. Flexible and easy usability have been provisioned by the pluggable transport layer support, so that users can operate their executions via REST API, RPC, web socket… and so forth. Scalable distributed computing have typically supported by using either OpenStack or Docker Swarm cluster as a common execution environment.


* **Debojyoti Dutta** *(Debo~ is a principal engineer in the Office of the Cloud CTO at Cisco Systems where he is involved in several efforts on Openstack including building out large scale big data systems. He is passionate about different aspects of large scale streaming data. He has years of data science experience, both as a postdoctoral research associate in Computational Biology at the University of Southern Califonia and later as a visiting researcher at Stanford (http://widescope.stanford.edu/about.html). He has made several presentations in previous OpenStack summits, most recently in Vancouver. One of them was a recursive container architecture that was implemented and demo-ed at Portland by his team. Parts of it got incorporated into Horizon and the overall project has been opensourced (https://github.com/CiscoSystems/donabe). More recently in the Vancouver summit, he presented work done on Demystifying Logs in OpenStack Clouds (https://www.openstack.org/summit/vancouver-2015/summit-videos/presentation/demystifying-logs-in-openstack-clouds).)*
