What's new for Windows in OpenStack Newton
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Windows support in OpenStack continues to improve with each release, with lots of new feature in Nova (Hyper-V), Neutron (including Open vSwitch and the new Windows Server 2016 network stack), Cinder, Manila, Designate, Cloudbase-Init and much more.   The new Windows Server 2016 offers also a lot of new features that set Hyper-V as a front runner for enterprise workloads with OpenStack as its perfect match. During the session we will talk about the best strategies to include Windows as a first class citizen in an OpenStack cloud. We will also demo a lot of new features, from Shielded VMs to RDS/VDI to Nano Server, including both Windows guest and Windows host scenarios.  


* **Alessandro Pilotti** *(Alessandro Pilotti is the CEO of Cloudbase Solutions, a company focused on cloud computing interoperability and the main contributor of all the OpenStack Windows and Hyper-V components in Nova, Neutron, Cinder, Ceilometer and Heat since the Folsom release. Alessandro lives in Timisoara, Romania. When not hacking or travelling, he is flying with his paraglider into old fashioned clouds.  )*

* **Peter Pouliot** *(I help to maintain OpenStack integration with Microsoft's Virtualization platform Hyper-V. My tenure at Microsoft began in March 2012 with a task of organizing community members to restore and maintain Hyper-V intgration within OpenStack.  Our team was successful in restoring the Hyper-V functionality to OpenStack in time for the Folsom release and the Continouous Integration Infrastructure running for the Juno release. I currently act as the OpenStack subject matter expert within Microsoft as well as the evangelist for OpenStack awareness and adoption of OpenStack Windows platforms. Prior to Microsoft I worked for Novell in the Joint Interoperabilty Lab with Microsoft.  There our team focused on testing and validating Linux workloads on Hyper-V and Windows workloads on Xen and KVM.  In April 2011 I successfully deployed the first OpenStack Cloud using Hyper-V and began my evangelism for Hyper-V within the OpenStack community. Additional experiance includes linux high avialability, network and datacenter infrastructure and security.    )*
