Are Reference Implementations Fashionable?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The problem for new adopters / seekers of OpenStack is that they are not sure where to start and how to start, leave alone appreciating where OpenStack can help them.  In this session we share our findings from user surveys on typical deployment sizes and their usages and the reference implementations born from them. The fact that telcos / enterprises range from ~$100 M to $ 100 B and beyond, the appetite for OpenStack adoption falls across huge spectrum. So are the use cases, users, and preferences of projects / tools based on more sensitive business parameters and not necessarily on the basis of technical appropriateness. The reference implementations are a step in this direction to enable enterprises to jump start on OpenStack, in a fast, reliable, effective, and efficient manner. We next present our work on one such “packaged” implementation, a wizard driven cloud deployment that installs reference implementations on enterprise-grade servers and developer NUCs, alike.


* **Malini Bhandaru** *(Malini Bhandaru, Ph.D., Intel, is an Senior Software Architect  with the Open source Technology Center at Intel.  She has been involved with OpenStack for over three years.  Her interests span security, key management, access control, dynamic resource scheduling, network function virtualization, and scalability. She co-authored the “OpenStack Security Guide”. Prior to her open source cloud endeavors she worked on power and performance aspects on Intel’s Xeon server product line.  Before joining Intel, she worked at Nuance, Verizon, and several start-ups in Massachusetts. She has two patents granted and nine more filed. She has a Ph.D. in Artificial Intelligence from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. She volunteers for science education activities and computer literacy. Through Intel she had the unique opportunity to develop and field trial in Bangladesh and India an Android application to assist farmers with their fertilizer needs. Malini lives in the Bay Area with her husband and sons, and enjoys gardening and hiking.)*

* **Sonu Sreenivasan** *(Sonu Sreenivasan is a Program Manager in the Cloud and Network Engineering team, part of the OpenSource Techonology center at Intel. He oversees the engineering execution for the OpenStack Innovation Center partnership. He brings with him about 19 years of industry experience spread across, software design & development, IT Operations, program management, and cross-geo software delivery management across various business verticals. He has been with Intel for about 16 years and was based across multiple geographies. Sonu has a Masters in Computer Science. He is currently based in the United States at Portland, Oregon.)*
