Big Data - big deal?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Big Data and Cloud: two of the main overarching topics in enterprise IT this summer. Both have one thing in common - there are a few ways to get it right and more ways to get it wrong. Put both together and you can do amazing things - or fall of a very tall cliff. We are currently working on a number of concurrent Big Data projects, both with Big Data as a service in form of Sahara, and with other Big Data deployment approaches. In this session we will discuss our experiences with these projects and the architectural work we've done around the various Hadoop distributions, which we have carefully distilled into a delicious blend of applicable information with hints of theory and stories from the trenches. As a team we are going to present the current state of affairs of Big Data in the cloud, approaches to get a Big Data project right and caveats to avoid falling into common traps.


* **Christian Huebner** *(Christian Huebner works at the Mountain View head office of Mirantis, Inc. as Senior OpenStack Storage and Cloud Architect. Coming from a conventional storage architecture background, Christian moved into cloud storage before joining Mirantis and later into general cloud architecture. He currently is spearheading Big Data and Storage architecture projects for Mirantis customers with the focus on providing reference architectures and technical and organizational assistance for a wide range of storage technologies. In addition to the storage focus, Christian is providing architectural guidance and implementation consulting as well as subject matter expertise for a wide variety of customer OpenStack cloud projects. Christian has been a speaker at the five most recent OpenStack Summits, presenting topics from his experience as architect and storage subject matter expert.)*

* **Thomas Lichtenstein** *(Thomas Lichtenstein is a Solutions Engineer with Mirantis. He focusses on delivering OpenStack solutions to large scale enterprises. He has a strong background in software engineering, graduated with a Master in Computer Science from Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, and studied abroad at Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh as well as Budapest University of Technology and Economics. Thomas has presented at several OpenStack events on various cloud storage topics.)*
