Service Discovery and Registration in a Microservices Architecture: what, why and how?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Microservices, Service Discovery and Registration have been heading towards the peak of inflated expectations on the Gartner Hype cycle for over the last year or so, but there has often been a lack of clarity as to what these are, why are they needed or how to implement them well. Service discovery and registration are key components of most distributed systems and service oriented architectures. In this session we will talk about what, why and how of service registration and discovery in distributed systems in general and OpenStack in particular. We will talk about some of the technologies that address this challenge like Zookeeper, Etcd, Consul, Mesos-DNS, Minuteman, SkyDNS, SmartStack or Eureka. We will also address how these technologies as well as existing OpenStack projects can be used to solve this problem inside OpenStack environments.


* **Fernando Sanchez** *(Fernando is a cloud architect specialized in software networking and distributed systems. He's a frequent speaker at Openstack meetups, and has more than four years experience in implementing all sorts of private clouds, ranging from small enterprise to Fortune 100 companies and Service Providers. He works at Mesosphere, where he’s passionate about building cloud solutions to help his customers achieve their business goals.)*

* **Fawad Khaliq** *(Fawad has been a member of the OpenStack community for over four years and a core developer in the Networking ecosystem. He has contributions in several OpenStack projects including Neutron, Nova, Kuryr, Magnum, DevStack. He is also the author and maintainer of networking-plumgrid subproject under Neutron umbrella and has over four years experience in implementing software defined networking, containers, high availability, distributed system and APIs. Fawad is a Senior Software Engineer at PLUMgrid, where he is involved in design and development of cloud computing software components, solving networking problem for new technologies and representing PLUMgrid in various open source forums. Currently, he is working on improving the area of container networking in the OpenStack, Docker and Mesos communities. In future, he plans to solve the problem of application service discovery inside the OpenStack ecosystem. )*
