Clustered File Systems in Your Application Stack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack has mature and powerful support for block storage devices. Allowing solutions architects to easily house traditional local file systems for data storage. A busy cloud application at scale needs horizontal scalability and High Availability for all of the layers in the stack. This means Catalyst has been deploying a range of clustered file system solutions inside cloud platforms since 2012. Catalyst have had exposture with NFS, OCFS2, DRBD, CEPH and GlusterFS. We will talk about our experiences here, especially with GlusterFS usage in anger. In this presentation we will talk about the journey we are still on in finding the best fit for a file system inside a large fully-orchestrated cloud application stack. We'll also socialising some mistakes that we think people making when choosing a file storage solution and remind everyone why clustered/networked file systems are a bit of a pain and why it makes sense to start thinking about object storage for more and more use cases.


* **Andrew Boag** *(After completing a Computer Science degree at Otago University in New Zealand, Andrew has been working in various roles from software developer, solutions architect to project manager in the IT industry since 1998. Featuring time in the Media, Banking, Education and bespoke software enginneering sectors. While technical and operational by background, Andrew understands technical leadership and pushing forward with pragmatic solutions to real world problems. Andrew is the Managing Director of the Australian wing of the Catalyst Group, arriving in 2008 as the initial staff member and building up the business to 30 staff over Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane offices. Having presented at Linux Conference Australia and the Open Source Developers conferences on cloud and open source technologies, Andrew is passionate about OpenStack and the rise of open source cloud technologies and platforms. Giving us all new toolsets to apply to the needs of our clients.)*
