A Recipe to Build a Successful Cloud Environment - Stop Thinking Legacy, Think Cloud!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The process of moving from a traditional IT environment to an agile cloud environment presents many new opportunities and is accompanied by many challenges and perceived complexities. However, such an exciting transformation also requires some fundamental changes in perspective to recognize the impact of these opportunities, to address these challenges knowledgeably and to define and minimize the risk of these complexities.As you embark on a cloud journey, you will often find more questions raised than answered.As Redhat Cloud and Storage Solutions Architects, we listen and respond to these questions from the field and help guide our clients through successful transformations to a fully functional and dynamic cloudenvironment.


* **Laurent Domb** *(Laurent Domb is a Senior Cloud Solutions Architect working for Red Hat. He is a Red Hat Certified Architect Level III, a puppet certified professional 2013/2014 and ITILv2 certified. Next to his technical certifications he also holds an eMBA degree in general management as well as a BSc in applied computer sciences. His IT career started in 2002 by studying applied computer sciences at the University of Northwestern Switzerland and founding the VIBB Unix User Group (VUUG). During university he started teaching Linux and Norman data defense and worked as a Linux admin at Wagner Kunz aktuare. After graduating, he was hired by Trivadis AG, a Swiss consultancy as a Linux / Open source consultant where he worked for different banks, insurances, and automotive industries in Switzerland, Germany, Norway and Sweden. Laurent also lead the Trivadis IT department where he was responsible for transforming the traditional way of IT thinking  into a new, modern agile IT department. Later in his career Laurent took over the Service Engineering Department at OPITZ CONSULTING Switzerland where he was responsible for building up the Consulting Services. In 2010 he moved to America where he worked as a Linux System Engineer at OnSIp. In 2013 Laurent was hired by Red Hat as a Senior Linux consultant where he transformed multiple financial firms from traditional IT environments into agile IT environments. Today, as a Sr.Cloud Solutions Architect Laurent helps customers  to understand, envision and build successful cloud environments.)*
