Is your cloud scaling forecast a bit foggy?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack clouds are typically designed once and grown over time. There are different schools of thought about how growth is triggered and executed, but historically, a lot of guesswork is involved, especially in environments where change and procurement can not be run at a moment's notice. On the other hand, the OpenStack cloud provides a large amount of internal data, which is typically not seen by management, but allows forecasting of requirements for growth and change if harnessed correctly. This is where the new project WeatherStation comes in. Complementary to monitoring tools such as StackLight, WeatherStation provides management with the equivalent of the data the monitoring tool provides to the engineers and operators, but instead of an 'at the moment' view it focuses on forecasting using the relevant data to equip management with the necessary data to keep up with cloud growth and also provides relevant business data for future project decisions.


* **Christian Huebner** *(Christian Huebner works at the Mountain View head office of Mirantis, Inc. as Senior OpenStack Storage and Cloud Architect. Coming from a conventional storage architecture background, Christian moved into cloud storage before joining Mirantis and later into general cloud architecture. He currently is spearheading Big Data and Storage architecture projects for Mirantis customers with the focus on providing reference architectures and technical and organizational assistance for a wide range of storage technologies. In addition to the storage focus, Christian is providing architectural guidance and implementation consulting as well as subject matter expertise for a wide variety of customer OpenStack cloud projects. Christian has been a speaker at the five most recent OpenStack Summits, presenting topics from his experience as architect and storage subject matter expert.)*

* **Colin Burns** *(I'm a 20 year veteran of the sysadmin trenches working in everything from educational settings to high volume web services to engineering R&D environments. My current focus is on enhancing automation and simplifying operations for large cloud installations.)*
