OpenStack in the Wild! How to make OpenStack a reality in your company.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The advantages of OpenStack in the enterprise are well-documented: agility, flexibility, lack of vendor lock-in, focus on enterprise applications vs. infrastructure, etc. But the reality is that despite great advancements, OpenStack remains challenging for most organizations to implement. Stories of the Fortune 100 adopting OpenStack are inspirational, but many organizations lack the resources to successfully deploy OpenStack. This is compounded by a complex ecosystem--finding your way and getting started is tough enough! This session is designed for the enterprise IT leader evaluating the merits of OpenStack and considering implementing this transformational technology within their organization. We will examine the principal methods of consumption (appliance, distribution, hosted service, etc) and the pros and cons associated with each. Attendees will leave the session with tangible action items they can take back and get started with.


* **Grant Kirkwood** *(Grant Kirkwood is the founder and CTO of Unitas Global, a provider of custom Enterprise Cloud solutions for organizations around the world. The company offers its solutions to mid- and large-size enterprise, operating from 35 datacenter deployments worldwide.  A serial entrepreneur and technologist at heart, Grant has always been at the forefront of open source technologies. His first company began offering web application development and hosting based on open source technologies in 1997. At Unitas, he serves as an advocate for adoption of OpenStack, leading its development efforts but Grant also spends much of his time talking with customers to help them formulate a cloud adoption strategy.  Before founding Unitas Global, Mr. Kirkwood served as CTO of PacketExchange, a London-based global network service provider. Prior to PacketExchange, he founded Mzima Networks, a performance-optimized bandwidth operator for web and online video applications. Grant is a frequent presenter and industry analyst at events around the world. Most recently he spoke about open source and specifically OpenStack at the Datacloud Europe event in Monaco held June 8-10.)*
