The latest in the Container world and the role of Container in OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

There is a lot happening in the Container world. Some are hypes, some are real progress and investments. In this panel, we will have container experts talk about what's happening in the container world such as Kubernetes, Mesosphere, Docker, etc, and how they relate to the OpenStack world. We will also discuss the various use cases of using containers, vms, bare metal, and containers on and with OpenStack, and the current Container related OpenStack projects: Magnum, Kuryr, Kolla. We will have PTLs of these projects and a couple OpenStack Board Directors who are also sitting on CNCF Board.


* **Steven Dake** *(Steven Dake is bringing container technology to OpenStack on behalf of Cisco Systems, Inc. Steve serves as Kolla PTL for the Newton cycle and served as PTL for the Mitaka, Liberty, Kilo and Juno cycles.  Steve also contributes to the design and implementation of Kolla.  Steve also contributed heavily to the initial architecture, design, and implementation of Magnum, serving as a core reviewer for two cycles. Prior to gaining an interest in container technology, Steve initiated and led the development of OpenStack Heat with a small development team while at Red Hat, Inc.  During this period, Steve served as Heat PTL for Essex, Folsom, and Grizzly. Prior to Steve's involvement in OpenStack, Steve was primarily focused on the development of open source high availability technology leading the design and implementation of Corosync, a group communication system, which combined with Pacemaker is the de-facto standard high availability stack for Linux.  During this period of his career, Steve also served as a technical community leader for the modern Linux high availability stack.)*

* **Gal Sagie** *( I am a software architect, passionate about open source, experienced with networking, virtualization and all areas of SDN/NFV and cloud computing. Contributing to OpenStack Neutron, Containers networking projects and hybrid cloud. Eager to bridge the gaps between OpenStack development and its users and explore new areas to help OpenStack shine Blogging for anything OpenStack related at: Blog - http://galsagie.github.io)*

* **Kenji Kaneshige** *(He has been working on open source development to offer Linux based enterprise systems to customers as a leader of Linux development team at Fujitsu. He and his team have made a lots of contribution especially to enterprise features such as RAS, Resource Management, scalability enhancements and virtualization. He is now leading Fujitsu's open source development and working as the Fujitsu's representative to OSS communities. His team contributes to the variety of OSS communities such as OpenStack, Linux Kernel, Qemu, libvirt, docker, LTP, etc.)*

* **Todd Moore** *(Todd M. Moore, IBM Vice President, and OpenStack Foundation board member -Leads IBM's open source efforts that fuel innovation and new business models. Todd is engaged with communities and tech in Cloud, Mobile, Big Data, IoT and Analytics.  He has a diverse background in hardware and software development, architecture, design and product management.  )*

* **Anni lai** *(I am an IT technology professional with a passion for community and partnership building. I'm very fortunate to live in the Silicon Valley area where I obtained my graduate degree in CS, and trainings in engineering, product mgt/marketing, business dev, services, consulting, and enterprise sales from successful companies such as Sun Microsystems/Oracle, Salesforce.com, Savvis/Centurylink, and now Futurewei/Huawei. Yes, I have done them all (except for HR, Legal, and Finance). For the last 10 years, I've chosen technology evangelism, developer enablement and partnership building to be the focus of my career because I truly believe in partner enablement/empowerment, and win-win. Together, we can make our market bigger, and win together. I formally joined OpenStack community in July 2015, however, prior to that, as the Head of Global Business Dev for Huawei, I have traveled to 30+ countries visiting telco and enterprise customers in EMEA, APAC, and Latin America to discuss their ICT and Cloud initiatives, evangelized OpenStack to both enterprise and telco communities, and presented the latest Cloud/OpenStack technologies and business trends at various industry conferences and forums.  In 2015, I've attended multiple Board meetings representing Huawei, participated in Product Team, Marketing, Diversity, Telco, etc. work groups, and presented 2 sessions and hosted a telco panel at the last OpenStack summit in Tokyo. With my engineering and business background and training in Enterprise IT and Telco, I would like to continue contributing to the OpenStack community in the following areas: 1. Generate mindshare and increase telco and service provider adoption in OpenStack 2. Bring enterprise and telco customer requirements/perspectives to OpenStack community 3. Enable the global developer and ISV communities to build interesting apps for OpenStack 4. Help woman developers and engineers to grow using OpenStack as a platform 5. Help OpenStack to embrace diversity and make OpenStack a true global movement  6. Foster more collaboration and partnerships among OpenStack members and various regional communities)*
