Mode 1, Mode 2, Mode 1.5, Pets, Cattle: How to tame the menagerie with OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Enterprises are faced with the challenge of embracing modern cloud native apps to stay competitive and deliver business value faster, while simultaneously having to maintain several traditional IT business critical apps. Keeping aside the discussion of whether we need 2 models of IT (Bimodal), the reality is that enterprises are looking for better automation and improved efficiency to be successful in the market. By supporting both traditional and modern cloud native apps, OpenStack can enable effective automation of both and possibly provide a path for migrating apps from the traditional model to the modern cloud native model. This talk will explore the various challenges that enterprises face today as they adopt the cloud native paradigm, propose how OpenStack can be used to address each of these challenges, provide concrete recommendations with use-cases and examples, and show a demo of how tools built on OpenStack can provide effective automation for traditional and modern apps.


* **Santhosh Sundararaman** *(Santhosh Sundararaman is a Product Manager in VMware's Cloud Management Business Unit, where he focusses on the product strategy for VMware Integrated OpenStack and other cloud infrastructure products. He also works closely with the Networking, Storage and Management business units in VMware to drive integration between OpenStack and the VMware infrastructure products. Prior to this Santhosh was an engineer in the Networking and Security Business Unit at VMware developing vSphere networking features for VDS and the NSX networking virtualization platform. Santhosh holds a bachelor's degree in Information Technology and a Master's in Computer Science. Santhosh has spoken at various technology conferences such as VMworld, PEX and at multiple past OpenStack design summits.)*

* **Giridhar Jayavelu** *(Giridhar Jayavelu is a Staff Engineer from the NFV group at VMware. Giridhar workson VMware Integrated OpenStack (VIO) enabling features to meet the carrier grade requirementsfrom customers in Telco space. He has been involved in various automation initiatives within VMware.Prior to joining OpenStack team, Giridhar worked on vSphere networking and NSX team for about 8 years.Giridhar holds a Master's degree in Computer Engineering from the University of Arizona, Tucson.If OpenStack and NFV don't keep him busy, you can find him involved in short film productions.)*
