Integrating the DevOps Elephant in the Room
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Creating a DevOps model in large organizations is a challenging endeavor. The root of the problem is not the technology but how to effectively structure and manage your organization. Large companies face unique problems by working to overcome solutions at scale, leveraging multi-dimensional skills, and dynamic business requirements. Our organization has implemented a DevOps model that recognizes the separation of major DevOps practices and started to provide integration of achieving those principles on a large cloud.  AT&T accepts an evolving culture from traditional IT management and delivery to driving new expectations in how business needs are developed, delivered and achieved. In this presentation, leaders of AT&T Integrated Cloud (AIC) elaborate on how AIC has championed the transformation of DevOps at scale. This talk will guide listeners on the difficulties and successes AIC has overcome to reach the bleeding-edge of software delivery.


* **Matthew Ernst** *(As part of AT&T Integrated Cloud (AIC), I am involved in the management and development of Automated Deployment for AT&T's distributed clouds. Working with OpenStack since 2014, I have grown passionate about the possibilities that OpenStack enables corporations to provide innovative and cutting-edge capabilities. My role in AIC involves being a Scrum Master for the Fuel development team and the Production Support team that provides automation for current defects. As a leader in the automation space, I work to make sure the deployments are performed successfully by working with teams from development, automation, and deployment to better understand what is being deployed and how automation can help to improve the process.)*

* **Omar Rivera** *(Joined AT&T's Integrated Cloud project in 2015 under Andrew Leasck, Director of Technology Development for AT&T's Integrated Cloud. Became a DevOps Engineer at AT&T working with the Security team and presently the Automation and Deployment team using OpenStack Fuel and Puppet. I am interested in infrastructure deployment, automation, lifecycle management, ease of operations, and networking.)*
