Providing Tooling for Effective Collaboration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Whether your team is collaborating to build OpenStack or another software, you too can benefit from an OpenStack infra-like approach. Learn how agile methodologies and a specific toolset embraced by this community allow teams to plan, track and build at their own pace. Take a look at Red Hat’s Software Factory project and how it mimics OpenStack infra by bringing Gerrit, Zuul, Nodepool and other tools to you. It’s open source so you can try it too!  


* **Maria Angelica Bracho** *(Experienced professional directing strategy, execution, and delivery of innovative solutions for leading companies across multiple industries. Visionary strategist with proven ability to leverage cutting-edge technology to expand service and capability, holding advanced knowledge of Cloud computing. Trusted partner who engages both technical and business officers to define needs and align technology initiatives with broader organizational goals. Holds an Electronics Engineering from University Simon Bolivar in Caracas, Venezuela and a Masters in Electrical and Computer Engineering from University of Maryland.)*

* **Alexis Monville** *(Alexis Monville helps people and organization to achieve their success.   Alexis joined Red Hat in 2014 with eNovance acquisition. Alexis brings more than 20 years of operations and management experience. Alexis was Chief Agility Officer of eNovance, tasked to create an agile and collaborative culture in order to deliver continuous innovation and customer value – transforming how organizations use OpenStack cloud services.   Prior to joining eNovance, Alexis founded Ayeba, an organization and management consulting and coaching firm that worked on agile organization transformation, also inspired by open source projects organization. Prior to Ayeba, Alexis held several esteemed government positions, including Strategic Plan Manager for The Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry in France, as well as Project Director for GIP-MDS, the social services organization focused on the modernization of declarations to welfare agencies. Before joining the public sector, Alexis worked as a freelance IT consultant and was Operations Director of Integra, a European Internet hosting company which he co-founded.   Alexis holds degree in Mechanical Engineering from the National Graduate School of Arts and Industries in Strasbourg.   He is an active speaker and thought leader in the fields of management, agile transformation and happiness, participating at industry events such as Openstack Summit, Open World Forum, Agile Lean Europe...)*
