Panel Discussion: The Maturing Cloud: Misconceptions and Obstacles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Cloud and OpenStack environments are no longer just relegated to devOps projects focused on trying out new technologies. Organizations of all types and sizes are moving OpenStack clouds into production environments – and they are learning along the way. This panel discussion will focus on what the mature cloud looks like, requires and delivers. Each panelist will have 2 minutes to present their views on the maturing cloud, followed by 25 minutes of questions presented by the moderator. The remaining 10 minutes will consist of the panelists fielding questions from the audience.


* **Murali Balcha** *(Murali Balcha, co-founder and CTO of Trilio Data, is one of the co-authors of the first specification for OpenStack Backup-as-a-Service, called Raksha. For over 15 plus years Murali Balcha has served in key technical and leadership roles, delivering breakthrough technologies to market. Most recently, he served as an Engineering Leader at EMC, where he led the development of numerous storage, virtualization and cloud computing innovations and established EMC’s leadership in Disaster Recovery, and VMware Integration. An occasional blogger, Murali has been actively involved with OpenStack Community for the past 4 years, particularly in the areas of Storage and Data Protection. He has a Masters in Computer Science from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and a Bachelors from Andhra University, Hyderabad.)*

* **Andrew  Hendrickson** *(Distinguished Member of Technical Staff Verizon Wireless January 2015 – Present Greater New York City Area Distinguished Member of Technical Staff for National Network Operations within Verizon Wireless. Solution Architect ESRI November 2008 – December 2014 (6 years 2 months) Since GIS has grown from the back office to the enterprise, many organizations, large and small, need assistance realizing the potential for what geospatial technologies can do for them. Andrew assists in this arena. He helped ESRI clients in the design, development, and deployment of their geo-enabled information systems. Manager, Spatial Data Analysis & Geographic Information Systems Verizon Wireless April 2000 – November 2008 (8 years 8 months) Andrew was responsible for the management, development, and support of Verizon Wireless's web-based Geographic Information System. He designed and built the system from the ground up, with no existing application in place prior. This system is utilized internally to map, model and solve complex spatial analysis issues as they relate to the Verizon Wireless network landscape including EOC operations. He also managed the directional Spatial Data Process which supports the flow of coverage information and other spatial data from Verizon's network RF Engineers to collateral available in a Verizon Wireless retail store. Lastly, Andrew was responsible for the management and scheduling of ad-hoc cartographic requests and complex spatial analysis that support all aspects of the Verizon enterprise.)*

* **Sanjay Mishra** *(Sanjay Mishra is Founder and CTO of Talligent, the leading provider of cost and capacity management solutions for OpenStack and hybrid clouds.  Day to day, his activities include setting company strategy, working on Openbook deployments, creating a customer driven roadmap, and writing code.  Prior to Talligent, Sanjay was involved in a wide variety of IT infrastructure startups and roles, including co-founding a venture-backed network monitoring company and engineering and consulting roles at Tivoli and IBM.)*

* **Bruno Zerbib** *(Bruno Zerbib has over 15 years of leadership responsibilities in product management and software engineering. He is widely recognized as a thought leader in next generation IT infrastructure and application management, network architectures, cloud and hybrid cloud, and virtualization and collaboration. Bruno has successfully teamed up with large engineering teams to build next generation software platforms and has brought to market innovative, disruptive and successful solutions for carriers, managed service providers and large enterprises.     )*

* **David Safaii** *(Note - this moderator is a placeholder. We are actively working to secure a moderator who is a journalist or analyst in Europe and currently covers/writes about OpenStack. )*
