Anti-Pattern Bingo: Enabling Stateful Windows Desktops in an OpenStack fabric
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Can you take advantage of all of our investment in an OpenStack cloud for running persistent Windows VDI, one of the most cloud-foreign workloads available? What are the opportunities you would gain and do they outweigh the problems you will create?  How can you compare this offering against an alternative engineered solution or an existing business deployment?  Does the customer have to change their preferred tools for consuming this solution or can they integrate those into this new offering? If we embrace diversity in our platform can we support some of the most inelastic, fragile, stateful and tightly coupled services that are run today without compromising the integrity of our cloud. Diversity  Comparing KVM versus Hyper-V  Scaling service capabilities (Resiliency, Recovery) based on flavor    Hyper-V Replica, Storage Spaces DirectTestability  Objective analysis using RallyCustomer Experience  Interoperability with extensible virtual workspace management systemsWhat’s next?


* **Justin Rackliffe** *(Justin Rackliffe is a Solutions Architect within Fidelity’s Enterprise Technology organization responsible for providing strategy and governance for IT services across the enterprise.  Areas of focus lately are hybrid cloud, “bring-your-own” efforts, policy and controls, workspace rationalization, and organizational agility.)*

* **Peter Pouliot** *(I help to maintain OpenStack integration with Microsoft's Virtualization platform Hyper-V. My tenure at Microsoft began in March 2012 with a task of organizing community members to restore and maintain Hyper-V intgration within OpenStack.  Our team was successful in restoring the Hyper-V functionality to OpenStack in time for the Folsom release and the Continouous Integration Infrastructure running for the Juno release. I currently act as the OpenStack subject matter expert within Microsoft as well as the evangelist for OpenStack awareness and adoption of OpenStack Windows platforms. Prior to Microsoft I worked for Novell in the Joint Interoperabilty Lab with Microsoft.  There our team focused on testing and validating Linux workloads on Hyper-V and Windows workloads on Xen and KVM.  In April 2011 I successfully deployed the first OpenStack Cloud using Hyper-V and began my evangelism for Hyper-V within the OpenStack community. Additional experiance includes linux high avialability, network and datacenter infrastructure and security.    )*

* **Alessandro Pilotti** *(Alessandro Pilotti is the CEO of Cloudbase Solutions, a company focused on cloud computing interoperability and the main contributor of all the OpenStack Windows and Hyper-V components in Nova, Neutron, Cinder, Ceilometer and Heat since the Folsom release. Alessandro lives in Timisoara, Romania. When not hacking or travelling, he is flying with his paraglider into old fashioned clouds.  )*
