EU Data Protection Directive 2016/680 impact on current Enterprise XaaS migrations.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Impact on Enterprise Company strategies with near future migration planing to XaaS and the EU legislation 2016/680 activated in May 2016 and to be enforced in 2018. The takeaway is the ability to develop a strategy aligned with a company’s particular market segment and new legislation in 2018 which will impact the use of clouds. Current application migrations failing to have a strategy to ensure new data integrity and geo location restrictions will be facing fines of up to a €1m      


* **Andrew Richardson** *(Chief Technologist HPE Global Helion OpenStack Consultancy Team. Currently engaged as Program Director on customer site managing multiple teams, both customer and HPE in the CSP/ISP/NEP & global enterprise company market segment)*

* **Eric LAJOIE** *(Eric Lajoie is a OpenStack & NFV Architecture Consultant for HP Professional Services (PS) – Helion OpenStack, Germany. In his current capacity, Eric is responsible for end to end solution design, be it IPv6, EPC, or virtualization solutions. His key interests and achievements are in design and implementation of carrier grade Helion OpenStack solutions as well as integration with SDN, EPC, LTE, VoLTE, Femto, M2M, VMware, and all flavors of Linux including RHEL, Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, and Gentoo. He is responsible for solution, design, service implementation and assessments related to service providers environments. Joined HP Enterprise in December 1st 2014 10 Years of SP Industry Experience in Networks and Telecommunication Solutions. Projects thus far: Telefonica UNICA OpenStack and NFV Project including Nuage/DCN Joined Cisco in September 2005 till end of November 2014 Projects while at Cisco: vGi-LAN virtualization proof of concept in Germany EPC field support and enablement in Japan EPC solution design in France IPv6 M2M design & implementation in UK Team Lead for Cisco's first EPC Pilot Projects in Norway IPv6 Assessment lead in Nigeria implemented IPv6 technologies CSG2 with DPI and GGSN optimization and design in USA Femto Design & Implementation in USA. CSFB Integration with Mavenir IWF in Düsseldorf Germany Industry Recognized Certifications: BS in Electrical Engineering CCNA, CCNP, CCDA, CCDP, CCIP VCA-DCV Wireless# Programming for Everybody (Python) by University of Michigan on Coursera)*

* **Franziska Gorhan** *(Franziska is a business consultant within the HPE Technology Services organization, Germany. Her key focus areas are: Cloud strategy consulting services IT delivery model/ cloud transformation Cloud Computing IT Service Management Cloud processes Her key activities are: Transformation of IT delivery models Cloud transformation concepts (hybrid delivery models, IT-Factory) Cloud design & implementation concepts Delivery of workshops (Strategic Cloud Roadmap Service) Process design and optimization)*
