Playing with the Slinky: Elastic Capacity Planning for OpenStack Clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Capacity planning for elastic computing is part science, part theory and part luck. In this session we will: Show how operators can increase efficiency, reduce downtime, and reduce CAPEX with proven strategies for flavor planning, governance, and capacity monitoring Show why elastic clouds and virtualized environments have different concerns with regard to capacity planning Share benefits and best practices of accurate deterministic planning Show how you can get the most out of your cloud with proper flavor sizing Show how capacity planning/chargeback/showback tools can be used to help monitor and plan capacity for openstack clouds


* **Ben Silverman** *(Currently Ben is the Principal Cloud Architect on the Open Cloud Services Team at OnX Enterprise Solutions where works with account executives, customers and sales teams to develop custom cloud solutions based on the OpenStack platform. Prior to OnX, Ben was a Senior Cloud and System Architect at Mirantis. He was responsible for creating enterprise OpenStack architectures for some of the most recognizable companies worldwide. His work can be seen at many Fortune 100 companies.  Before Mirantis, Ben was the Lead Technical Architect and Engineer for OpenStack at American Express and was directly responsible for the deployment of the largest financial services OpenStack cloud in production at the time. Today, this same cloud supports over 10,000 workloads.  Ben is currently an active technical contributor to the OpenStack community and is active in the Large Deployment and Performance and Scale groups. Ben often speaks at OpenStack conferences, meetups and special vendor events where he is an avid OpenStack evangelist. Ben has a Master's of Science degree in Information Management from Arizona State University's W.P. Carey School of Business. When he's not out proselytizing more people into the cloud lifestyle he likes to spend time with his wife and two boys in Phoenix, AZ.)*
