Navigating infrastructure choices: What workloads are best suited for OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Confusion often emerges when decisions hinge on what workloads are ideally suited for OpenStack. Stateful versus Stateless? Traditional versus Cloud Native? Pets versus Cattle? Ephemeral versus long lasting? The choices get further complicated when considering the many infrastructure choices that exist - bare metal servers, virtualized infrastructure in the form of hypervisors, Linux containers, private clouds (e.g., OpenStack), and public clouds. Are all of these mutually exclusive? Are there architectures that should combine these choices - e.g., containers on Nova instances? In this session we will explore the solution use cases and the attributes that must be properly considered to identify when and where OpenStack makes the most sense. A decision framework will be presented to assist IT organizations in the workload mapping process that is a critical aspect of both architecture and infrastructure planning activities.


* **Mark Coggin** *(Mark Coggin has more than 25 years experience in the technology industry, and is senior director of solution marketing within the Infrastructure Business Group at Red Hat. He has responsibility for multi-product solutions such as Red Hat Cloud Suite, and also vertical solutions (Telco) and emerging areas (IoT). For these areas he leads the development of Red Hat's go-to-market strategies, messaging and positioning, launches and field readiness. Previously he had global product marketing responsibility for infrastructure products including Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization, Red Hat OpenStack Platform and Containers. Prior to joining Red Hat, Coggin was senior director of global alliances for Progress Software and senior director of strategic partnerships for Yahoo. Coggin holds a master’s degree in Management (MBA) from MIT Sloan School of Management, and a master’s degree in Materials Science and Engineering from MIT. He also earned both bachelor’s and master’s degrees in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI).)*
