IPv6: Is it finally that time? Complexity, risk and business impact.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Networking technology offers so many areas for advancement and investment, and so many demands on limited developer resources; So, why not put IPv6 deployment off for … just another six months? Two new entrants into the technology arena are Big Data and IoT. IoT Cloud is driving large-scale compute environments that may finally promote IPv6 from “that sounds great” to a mandatory RFP checkbox - for Telcos, Cloud Service Providers, and Enterprises alike.  While the promise of IPv6 has been clear for years, the reality of implementation will bring a new set of technical challenges, and require increased networking expertise and protocol knowledge from its implementers. In other words, it won’t be easy. A few topics we will explore in this session are: Cost of doing business in an IPv6 environment The impact of IPv6 adoption on the business of cloud provisioning The importance of an end-to-end IPv6 story for Cloud adoption


* **Shashi Sastry** *(Shashi heads Product Management and Strategy for Midokura, a company that focuses on Overay networking and microsegmentation at scale. Shashi has 17+ years of experience in the networking industry and has held a wide range of roles starting as a software developer at Cisco (embedded systems, IKE/IPSEC, GETVPN), Customer Advocacy Engineer, and Technical Marketing Engineer (both at Cisco and Aruba Networks). The few years she spent in Cisco's Customer Advocacy group in Europe makes her a strong advocate for the customer. She has experience working in several startups including Vyatta (acquired by Brocade), Nuage Networks, and now Midokura. Shashi's main areas of focus are Virtualization, Cloud technologies, performance, virtualized data center architectures, and Network Function Virtualization, and scalability. )*

* **Scott Sneddon** *(Scott Sneddon is Senior Director, SDN and Virtualization at Juniper Networks where he spends most of his time evangelizing the benefits of Network Virtualization and Software Defined Networking. Previous experience includes Principle Architect at Nuage Networks, Chief Architect at Vyatta Inc, Consulting Engineer at Juniper Networks, Consulting Engineer Alcatel-Lucent, and Director of Network Architecture at Exodus Communications. His background is in architecting large scale Cloud environments and service provider MPLS networks. He was talking about network virtualization before network virtualization was cool.)*

* **Azhar Sayeed** *(Azhar is currently at Red Hat Inc., as a Chief Architect driving their Service Provider Architectures and solutions with Openstack, SDN, NFV and DC orchestration. Azhar has more than 25 years of experience in the networking and communications industry that includes development, design, installation and management of complex networks involving multiple technologies and products. Prior to Red Hat, Azhar is a 17 year veteran of Cisco Systems Inc. His last responsibility there was a Sr. Director of Solutions Engineering. Azhar was responsible for developing System Architectures, developing and delivering Cloud based solutions. Azhar has also actively contributed to the industry adoption cutting edge technologies. He is an active participant and a contributor to industry forums and standards bodies. His interests are in the area of Cloud Architectures, Openstack, SDN, virtualization, Data Center Networking and Mobile Networks.  Azhar is the co-author of a book “MPLS and Next-Generation Networks: Foundations for NGN and Enterprise Virtualization” with Monique Morrow. Azhar has 9 patents in the space of Network protocols and several published papers.)*
