Single pane of glass management of OpenStack, Ceph, OpenShift with Ceph running Containers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

A vital need for any technology group is to present new, cloud-based associated administration that can help advance product and service offerings. These may include versatile applications, cloud client gateways, and dedicated systems administrations.   Building a scalable Open Source hybrid cloud built on a combination of OpenStack, Ceph, OpenShift, Anisble and CloudForms can enable customers and service providers to simplify the provisioning of a multi-tier architecture that can be presented to multiple tenants, customers, business units or resellers.    This infrastructure design is implemented to help support the growing continuous integration and DevOps model. OpenStack-based clouds allow the flexibility for both customers and service providers to achieve and exceed service level agreements. 


* **Nicholas Gerasimatos** *(As a Cloud Evangelist, I work with key Certified Cloud Service Providers to design, build and integrate Red Hat product offerings into the Certified Cloud Service Providers portfolios, data centers, lines of business, and route-to-market offerings. I also work closely with Certified Cloud Service Providers to create and deploy Public, Private, and Hybrid Cloud solutions. My primary responsibilities are developing executive relationships, acting as a trusted advisor and helping influence and accelerate the adoption of Red Hat emerging technologies within Certified Cloud Service Providers.Share the Red Hat vision of multi-product offerings, create awareness of emerging technologies and positioning Red Hat as a thought leader in Public, Private and Hybrid Cloud.  Partnering with the Alliance teams I help develop Red Hat Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform and OpenShift/Atomic Platform-as-a-Service, Red Hat CloudForms, Red Hat Storage, and the Red Hat JBoss Middleware technology portfolio. Technology Focus: Software Defined Storage, Software Defined Networking, Infrastructure as a Service; OpenStack, CloudStack, Amazon Web Services, Google Compute, Azure, Platform as a Service; OpenShift, Middleware, Continuous Integration Tools, Git, Subversion, Jenkins, Vagrant, Docker, Puppet, Ansible, Salt.)*

* **Jeff Ekstrom** *(Jeff Ekstrom is a cloud evangelist for Red Hat’s Certified Cloud and Service Provider program. He has extensive experience with cloud strategy and architecture, with industry experience in Telecommunications, Federal Government, and Insurance. His cloud strategy focus includes both open source technologies and hybrid cloud enablement. Jeff joined Red Hat in late 2015, where he has been promoting and designing Red Hat solutions within Red Hat's partner ecosystem. Prior to that, Jeff's experience includes companies such as Accenture, The Coca-Cola Corporation, and SAIC. )*
