Overcoming Deployment Challenges: High Quality Deliveries Quickly
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

While it is easy to throw together a single Rack Openstack Cluster, scaling out to 20+ Racks with over 300 nodes across 74 zones in combination with Contrail networking can be a real challenge.  In this presentation, we will describe our scale-out model, collaborative approach and quality checks using several automation methodologies to deliver high-quality AT&T Integrated Cloud (AIC) zones. How to rapidly deploy cloud software across many global sites to meet customer demands with high-quality zones. How several unique automation methods and best practices were used in a large-scale deployment. Automation to update BIOS/Firmware on 300+ nodes in less than 2hrs & Bootstrap Opssimple tool which AT&T Developed to deploy non-OpenStack Environments in a zone Automation to validate all the Hardware errors, OpenStack Services using Ansible Script 3 types of quality testing (PVT, SDV and ORT) Without losing sight of stability and quality delivering high-quality zones in a large telco


* **Uttam Dravidam** *(Uttam Dravidam works as Sr.Technical Director at AT&T, his team is responsible for delivering AT&T Integrated Cloud(AIC) across AT&T. AIC is a unified cloud platform for both internal and external AT&T (services).  AIC leverages open source OpenStack components along with multiple hypervisors, middleware and OS environments in a variety of physical locations to provide enterprise grade cloud services.  Uttam got several years of experience in Openstack Architecture, Operations with very strong System Administrator background.  Uttam has presented several topics on cloud within AT&T and as well External presentations. His Recent presentation was in 29th IEEE conference.  Before joining AT&T, Uttam worked at Telcordia Technologies, as Linux System administration. Uttam holds a MS in Engineering with a major in Mechanical Engineering from Florida International University, 1999 and BS in Production Engineering from Osmania University, 1997.)*

* **Marcellus Duke** *(Marcellus Duke, Director-Technology Operations: Technology Planning & Engineering Marcellus Duke has provided leadership for System Deployment which consists of server build and configuration across the various operating system platforms (AIX, HPUX, Solaris, Windows and Linux). The deployment function also includes the quality or verification testing to move servers from install state to production status. He currently leads the Infrastructure Instantiation organization delivering servers for AT&T cloud software deploy and bare metal server solutions along with go-live verification testing.    Marcellus joined AT&T in 1985 as an applications developer in the information technology organization. He has a broad range of IT operational and management experience in applications development, quality & process improvement, customer service, LAN/WAN operations, desktop support and data center operations.  He was instrumental in developing and implementing real-time and historical LAN/WAN utilization capability resulting in significant service and cost improvements.  He additionally led the design, implementation and operations of the nation’s largest windows based thin-client server farm in support of SBC Wireless in 1998.  Marcellus also led an effort to automate and implement management practices and tools in the office print output space resulting in secured print capability, enriched multi-print functionality and multi-million dollar annualized savings.  He managed all IT supported windows based server operations for AT&T delivering secure infrastructure access, Citrix server farm access, virtualization using VMware, email and messaging services and software distribution using Microsoft System Center (SCCM).  In his 30 plus years of service at AT&T, Marcellus has experienced tremendous change in the telecommunications industry and contributed to the successful integration of several huge mergers including SNET, Pacific Telesis, Ameritech, AT&T, Cingular, Bell South and Direct TV.   Before joining AT&T, Marcellus worked at the Tulsa Public Schools Education Service Center in the Information Systems department as a computer programmer for 2 years. Marcellus holds a BS in Business Administration with a major in Management Science and Computer Systems from Oklahoma State University, 1982.)*
