Mission Critical OpenStack - Running production workloads in a programmable infrastructure
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this session we will demonstrate two advanced use cases as deployed in production for a finance institution in Australia using infrastructure as code by leveraging on Ansible and Jenkins. 1) "Data Cloning as a Service", how to automate the cloning of a 24 x 7 Mission critical database from a Production tenant to a testing tenant. Ansible is used to place an Oracle database in backup mode, take a snapshot of the volume containing the Database, clone the cinder volume and get  transferred to a development tenant who will automatically start a clone of the production workload for testing purposes. The job is fully automated from Jenkins.   2) Automated deployment of an enterprise load-balanced infrastructure that makes use of Octavia to provide HA grade redundancy in the customer web farm. We will cover some failover scenarios for Octavia as part of the demos as well as some known limitation and how to adress them.


* **Alejandro Tesch** *(Alex Tesch Alex has been working with Open Source enterprise technologies for the better part of his 15 years IT career in companies like Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, Red Hat, IBM and Sun Microsystems. He started his OpenStack journey with Grizzly, delivering the first HPC cloud in APAC for a Singapore University making use of SRIOV technologies combined with big data.  He has extensive deployment experience on configuration management and automation of private cloud based on OpenStack. Alex is currently an APJ Cloud Consultant in the Helion Cloud team at Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, where he evangelizes the OpenSource side of the Helion portfolio (OpenStack / Cloud Foundry / Ceph). He enjoys running automation workshops and seminars in the APJ region for cloud adopters. )*

* **Damia Pastor** *(Damia started as a sysadmin for a project related to Swift (late 2011) to then switch to StackOps, one of the first OpenStack distributions to deliver and operate projects from Brussels to Manila. After being in Mirantis for both EMEA and APJ, moved to HPE professional services working in production projects and helping create new solutions.)*
