OpenStack troubleshooting: So simple even your kids can do it
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack is supposed to make your life easier, right? But what happens when you provision a project environment for a developer and they come back with issues. Like . . . “My instance won’t launch,” or “My floating IP isn’t reachable,” or “Why isn’t OpenStack working?”Join us to learn more about common failure scenarios and how to resolve them quickly to get your cloud back to work. We’ll discuss the following scenarios:- All-too familiar “No hosts found”- Can’t reach the floating IP address, tracking packets along the multiple hops- How to track the lifecycle of an instance from boot to terminate- Message queue dropping messages- Database not accepting connections- Image validation- Backend volume storage issues


* **Jonathan Jozwiak** *(Jon Jozwiak is a Sr. Cloud Solutions Architect at Red Hat.  His focus is on helping customers develop innovative cloud solutions based on OpenStack and Red Hat's cloud portfolio.  Jon has spent several years consulting with OpenStack and was involved in developing the cloud practice within Red Hat's consulting organization.  Previous to that Jon's background has been working for large enterprises focused initially on Unix/Linux infrastructure, virtualization, and then cloud. )*

* **Vinny Valdez** *(Vinny Valdez is an RHCA/RHCSS who has almost 20 years of enterprise IT experience. He is a Sr. Principal Architect in the Emerging Technology Practice within Red Hat Consulting specializing on cloud infrastructure. He focuses on designing and deploying OpenStack and underlying infrastructure such as HAProxy, pacemaker, virtualization and other cloud related technologies for customers. He works with Red Hat’s partners and internal teams to architect cloud solutions and enable internal consulting and other architects to effectively design and implement these solutions. Vinny co-authored the "OpenStack Architecture Design Guide": http://docs.openstack.org/arch-design with 12 other OpenStack community members. Most importantly, he enjoys raising two geek-infused daughters who enjoy the finer things in life like Weird Al and Minecraft.)*
