Troubleshooting OpenStack Is Not Art, It’s Super Art
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

A: Look, I spent two days to troubleshoot a problem on my OpenStack cloud B: What was the issue and how did you resolve it? A: Floating ip was not working randomly. I had to flush iptables after two days of investigation to resolve it. B: Are you crazy?! You need two days to flush iptables? A: Troubleshooting OpenStack is not art; it's SUPER ART. B: :DOne may have to tread many wrong paths before accurately troubleshooting an OpenStack issue. Throughout this session, we will share examples like above where we had to spend a lot of time troubleshooting simple issues. We’ll discuss what went wrong during initial troubleshooting and what drove us to tread a lot of wrong paths during the whole effort. This will help system administrators, architects, and support engineers to be cautious and effectively isolate issues while troubleshooting problems related with OpenStack deployments.


* **Sadique Puthen** *(I am passionate about building, designing and supporting Infrastructure for workloads, especially Cloud IaaS, using open source technologies, primarily concentrating on Openstack and Virtualization with good knowledge of core Red Hat Enterprise Linux, clustering, storage and networking. Experienced in designing and building Infrastructure (Network, Storage, Operating Systems, etc) for complex applications and workloads for their entire life cycle from development, test cycles, production deployment, and post production monitoring and support of the infrastructure. Area of Expertise, - Cloud IaaS implementation, design and support using Openstack.- Virtualization RHEV, VMware and etc- Skilled in Virtualization and cloud with continuous working experience starting with RHEL/CentOS + Xen/UML back in 2003, RHEL+ KVM, RHEV, VMware, HyperV and Openstack.- Designing and supporting Networking, storage and High Availability solutions.- Expert level knowledge on Linux, especially Red Hat Enterprise Linux.)*
