m1.Boaty.McBoatface: The joys of flavor planning by popular vote
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

As enterprise cloud usage grows, operators struggle to maintain a low-cost, monolithic infrastructure while satisfying users’ increasingly-specialized requirements and usage demands. Most cloud operators understand the value of OpenStack (Nova) flavors in mitigating this issue, but some struggle to effectively utilize this feature because:   They lack an adequate process and automation for flavor lifecycle management They look at tenant requirements in a siloed fashion and lack a big picture focus on the larger need to offer specialized, but standardized configurations On the other extreme, they make the mistake of trying to standardize too much without permitting the degree of specialization needed for different use-cases (the 'everything must be the same!' mantra) They have sub-optimal flavor geometries that do not maximize use of available resources In this session we'll look at how to design flavors to prevent these problems.


* **Craig Anderson** *(Craig Anderson (canderson@mirantis.com) works at Mirantis, Inc. as an OpenStack solutions architect, where he has lead the design of large scale, distributed, highly customized OpenStack private clouds for fortune 20 customers.)*

* **Ben Silverman** *(Currently Ben is the Principal Cloud Architect on the Open Cloud Services Team at OnX Enterprise Solutions where works with account executives, customers and sales teams to develop custom cloud solutions based on the OpenStack platform. Prior to OnX, Ben was a Senior Cloud and System Architect at Mirantis. He was responsible for creating enterprise OpenStack architectures for some of the most recognizable companies worldwide. His work can be seen at many Fortune 100 companies.  Before Mirantis, Ben was the Lead Technical Architect and Engineer for OpenStack at American Express and was directly responsible for the deployment of the largest financial services OpenStack cloud in production at the time. Today, this same cloud supports over 10,000 workloads.  Ben is currently an active technical contributor to the OpenStack community and is active in the Large Deployment and Performance and Scale groups. Ben often speaks at OpenStack conferences, meetups and special vendor events where he is an avid OpenStack evangelist. Ben has a Master's of Science degree in Information Management from Arizona State University's W.P. Carey School of Business. When he's not out proselytizing more people into the cloud lifestyle he likes to spend time with his wife and two boys in Phoenix, AZ.)*
