Malware Analysis Environments using OpenShift and CloudForms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Malicious software, or malware analysis environments present additional complexity and challenges since they need to guarantee isolation, allow for quick rebuilds and customizations, and mimic production environments as closely as possible.  In this session, we will explore a solution to the quick construction and purging of template-driven Malware networks with CloudForms and OpenStack.  A malware analyst would then be able to quickly create a production-like environment in which to experiment and execute malicious software, and as easily safely sanitize and destroy the environment once the analysis is completed.


* **Taylor Biggs** *(Mr. Biggs is a Cloud Consultant who also possesses strong Platform and Leadership skills. He usesthese abilities to engage customers, solve strategic technical, procedural, and policy-based challengesutilizing open-source technologies, practices, process improvements, and principles. Mr. Biggs hasworked as a Consultant, a System Administrator, System Owner, and Technical Lead on many projects,including a few utilizing hundreds of RHEL platforms, on which Satellite, Puppet, OpenShift, OpenStack,KVM, RHEV, Xen, Nagios, Ganglia, WareWulf/Perceus, MPI, RHDS, ArcSight, SourceFire, Splunk,Tripwire, and dozens of other proprietary and open-source software components/suites were installed.He uses his extensive and broad background to successfully deliver high-quality projects and procedureson-time and in excess of client expectations.)*

* **Yonathan Goitom** *(I am currently a Senior OpenStack Consultant with Red Hat and have been so for the past two years. As a consultant I provide assistance to customer looking to adopt new technologies like OpenStack, CEPH and containers. Prior to joining Red Hat, I was fortunate enough to provide support to NASA’s first IaaS offering, Nebula, located out of the Goddard Space Flight Center  in Greenbelt,MD. Over the past several years I’ve worked customers ranging from federal agencies to prestigious academic institutions.   I currently hold a Masters Degree in Information Assurance and currently enrolled in Capitol Technology University's PhD program. During my free time I enjoy weight lifting, bowling and researching emerging technology trends. )*
