Production Readiness for Private Clouds with OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack offers a lot of different ways to be deployed and even more to be configured. Every enterprise has their own security and operations standards and requirements that are known as Cloud Production Readiness. In this session, we will share the requirements for Workday’s production ready cloud as well as the development work implemented by the Cloud Engineering team in order to fulfill them all. Attendees will learn from a real production cluster how to achieve production readiness in a private cloud without making the typical pitfalls which normally brings frustration to the team and lost of trust to the stakeholders of the project. During the session we will show monitoring and logging real-time dashboard to demonstrate how the “Network Operation Center” monitor the health of the production platform.


* **Edgar Magana** *(Edgar is an emerging leader who has specialized in Cloud Computing, Network Virtualization, Software-defined Networking (SDN), Network Functions Virtualization (NFV), OpenFlow and OpenStack. He has developed excellent software development skills and outstanding customer and business driven experience. Currently, he is core member of the Neutron OpenStack development community. Edgar has strong experience in fully automated Cloud Computing deployments by means of puppet and chef orchestration languages. He has lead OpenStack development, third-party integration and deployment teams for over the last three years. Edgar is the lead architect responsible for driving the Cloud Operations initiatives that maximize the pace of innovation with Development and Operations. He is in charge of provifing architectural oversight for Workday’s Hybrid Cloud including the OpenStack based Private Cloud, bursting to multiple Public Clouds and extensive automation. Through strong collaboration, develop architectures, detailed designs, and in some cases POCs to support Development driven features requiring changes to the infrastructure.Establish tight alignment with Development Architects, representing Cloud Operations in the Technology Architecture Group. Edgar has an extensive experience on Cloud and Grid Computing, Policy-based Management Systems, Monitoring and Scheduling of networking and computational resources on distributed networks. He has been involved in multiple projects such as Cisco Quad, Cisco Enterprise Policy Manager, Access Control Server and Application Performance Assurance.)*
