Great Cloud Migrations: Do we need them? What options do we have?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack successfully co-exists with other cloud technologies such as AWS, VMware and Azure. Users decide to move from one cloud technology to another, from one OpenStack provider to another or even to bring a set of different cloud technologies into their DC simply because they can do it. All clouds are built to be used - in other words, to run workloads.  One of the challenges users might face is a workload migration: between two OpenStack clouds, from AWS to OpenStack or from even OpenStack to Azure (why not?). We would like to have a discussion about cloud migrations. Are they that necessary for OpenStack cloud users? If so, in which use cases? What are the different migration strategies that have proven to be effective in the field and used by real Deployment Engineers in real production clouds? What challenges do migration mechanisms present to the whole cloud industry, and how can we overcome them?  


* **Ayrat KHAYRETDINOV** *(Ayrat Khayretdinov is Openstack Deployment and Migration Engineer at CloudOps. Was part of large scale Openstack deployment AIC and migration project in ATT. Currently involved in Live Swift cluster Migration for public cloud provider Cloud.ca. In his free time Ayrat is organizing and presenting on OpenStack, Docker and Kubernetes meetups in Montreal. In the past Ayrat worked with OSS and BSS solution integration, migration and monitoring at Ericsson. Ayrat graduated with Master degree in Electrical Engineering from Concordia University, Montreal, Canada )*

* **Roman Verchikov** *(Roman Verchikov is software engineer of Mirantis, with vast experience in different software technology stacks. Last 3 years spent in improving Openstack experience for Mirantis customers with extending functionality of different openstack services, analyzing and improving performance of a large production openstack cloud, and working on load migration.  Currently he is engaged in all Mirantis migration projects and coordinates the CloudFerry tool development that facilitates resource and workload migration between OpenStack clouds.)*

* **Octavian Ciuhandu** *(Octavian Ciuhandu is the COO of Cloudbase Solutions, a company focused on cloud computing interoperability, based in Timisoara, Romania.Octavian is a young entrepreneur that started his own business in 2004, right after graduating a research M.Sc. in DCU, Dublin, Ireland. He has over 20 years of experience with Microsoft and Linux platforms, network management and security. Proficiency in designing applications for scalability and availability is ensured following his research masters area of expertise. Since 2012, focusing on Openstack, integrating Openstack and Windows, and especially on deploying and running Openstack CIs for Microsoft Windows. In his free time, Octavian enjoys off-road driving and skiing. Cloudbase Solutions provides integration between OpenStack and Windows, including the Hyper-V Nova Compute driver and Cloudbase-Init (Cloud-Init for Windows).)*

* **Hashir Abdi** *(Currently Leading a team of Test Engineers to maintain Linux Integration Services (LIS) drivers that were contributed in June 2009 by Microsoft to the Linux kernel under my Test Guidance . Team is geographically dispersed across the globe and works to ensure that the LIS integration is maintained across the various Linux distributions by engaging with these Linux vendors and their communities.)*

* **Evgeniya Shumakher** *(Evgeniya Shumakher is Senior Manager of Technology Partnerships and Alliances at Mirantis, where she coordinates and leads efforts to help Mirantis partners navigate the OpenStack ecosystem, and to expand the utility of Mirantis OpenStack to customers via integration of partner products and technologies.)*
