Deploying Watson IoT  on OpenStack: An Enterprise Use Case
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This session will describe how Watson IoT with Blue Box OpenStack and Bluemix makes the Internet of Things a reality for enterprises, drawing upon examples from an enterprise deployment. When the Watson IoT team was asked to deploy to China it needed to choose a new cloud infrastructure to host the offering and implement a new deployment process to perform the deployment. We will explain why we chose Blue Box OpenStack as the cloud environment and Ansible as the configuration management technology. We will describe how the two technologies complement each other, resulting in a dramatic reduction in deployment time. We will also describe how we used Security Groups and Security Group Rules to control access to the instances in the environment and how we used the Load Balancer as a Service component to distribute both HTTP and MQTT traffic across within the offering. Finally, we summarise the advantages of using OpenStack to host the Watson IoT solution over other cloud environments.


* **Madhulima Pandey** *(Lima Pandey is Program Director for Product Management in IBM's Blue Box Cloud group. Previously, she led Product Management at Nebula for Nebula Cosmos OS for building enterprise private and hybrid cloud. Prior to that, she led Product Management at Sentilla (acquired by Ericsson), that developed real-time analytics for IT infrastructure optimization. She has also led Product Management at Yahoo in Cloud Services group and at EMC in Backup and Recovery (Data Domain) group. She had co-founded and led CloudTrust, a company for website acceleration and security. She began her career as a software engineer and she spent several years at engineering leadership roles at Sun Microsystems. She holds a BS and MS in Electrical and Computer Engineering and MBA from Wharton, University of Pennsylvania.  )*

* **Martin Smithson** *(Martin Smithson is an Architect working on the Watson IoT Platform at the IBM Software Lab in Hursley England. He is primarily responsible for designing the process that is used to deploy the offering to OpenStack environments. He has 20 years of experience working in the IT industry, including both software architecture, software development and technical consultancy roles. His areas of expertise include the architecture, design and development of JEE applications; he is also an expert on IBM WebSphere Application Server. He has authored several developerWorks articles and co-authored several Redbooks: WebSphere Application Server V6 System Management and Configuration Handbook , WebSphere Application Server V6.1: System Management and Configuration, WebSphere Service Registry and Repository Handbook, and CCF Connectors and Database Connections Using WebSphere Advanced Edition -- Connecting Enterprise Information Systems to the Web. Martin also developed the IBM Client Application Tool for JMS.)*
