OpenStack and Ansible: Automation born in the Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Automation is the only way operations teams will keep pace with growing business expectations to deliver faster, increase availability and do so efficiently without adding more resources. OpenStack offers the infrastructure blueprints, API endpoints and Heat for delivering one-click infrastructure-as-a-service. Ansible provides an agentless platform for configuring, deploying and automating complex application software stacks in the cloud once the infrastructure is provisioned. Together OpenStack Heat and Ansible provide end-to-end solutions for deploying even the most complex application stacks, effortlessly.  


* **Keith Tenzer** *(Keith Tenzer has over 15 years of enterprise IT experience. He has a strong software engineering background but mostly worked as a systems and storage administrator. He has worked for high-profile companies such as Intuit, NetApp and Red Hat. Keith has worked in the USA and Europe. Through his career Keith has focused much of his time around application integration and has built distinct expertise in this area. Currently Keith occupies the position of Solutions Architect at Red Hat. Keith operates a blog that mostly focuses on cloud, specifically OpenStack http://keithtenzer.com. Software Engineering Accomplishments Coding provides Keith with a creative outlet for his many ideas. It also helps him understand how software is built and operates. Keith has worked on many software engineering projects and some notable ones are mentioned below. Integra – Provider based automation framework that enables IT teams to automate anything without creating technical debt. Integra is simple to understand and easy to use. It is truly a next-gen automation platform. NetApp Snap Creator Framework – Snapshot based backup framework integrating applications with NetApp snapshot technology. Snap Creator is a backup product offered by NetApp and Keith is the inventor. Perfstat – Systems monitoring tool fashioned after another monitoring tool from 90s called Big Brother. Snap2cloud – A framework for backing up storage snapshots to the cloud. Currently it implements NetApp to Amazon S3 but it could be extended to other storage vendors and cloud providers. Patents Keith does not believe in software patents and sees much more value in contributing to open source. Nevertheless he is proud of his accomplishments. Frameworks for Providing backup Functionalities to Different Applications Identification of Virtual Applications for Backup in a Cloud Computing System Provision of Backup Functionalities in Cloud Computing Systems)*
