Addressing Open Issues in Container Orchestration using OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Frameworks such as mesos, kubernetes and docker swarm make it possible to run containerized applications at scale across a fleet of container host. However, there are several open issues that are yet to be addressed around operationalizing these frameworks in productions. Issues such as managing the lifecycle of the underlying infrastructure (onboarding, decommissioning, maintenance, autoscaling etc), health check and monitoring, identity management, certificate / key management, security & access control, integration with existing systems (IPAM etc) and more.In this session we will list out the open challenges around operationalizing the container frameworks and propose ways in which OpenStack can be used as the platform to address these gaps, making it easy for enterprises to take these container frameworks to production.


* **Santhosh Sundararaman** *(Santhosh Sundararaman is a Product Manager in VMware's Cloud Management Business Unit, where he focusses on the product strategy for VMware Integrated OpenStack and other cloud infrastructure products. He also works closely with the Networking, Storage and Management business units in VMware to drive integration between OpenStack and the VMware infrastructure products. Prior to this Santhosh was an engineer in the Networking and Security Business Unit at VMware developing vSphere networking features for VDS and the NSX networking virtualization platform. Santhosh holds a bachelor's degree in Information Technology and a Master's in Computer Science. Santhosh has spoken at various technology conferences such as VMworld, PEX and at multiple past OpenStack design summits.)*

* **Giridhar Jayavelu** *(Giridhar Jayavelu is a Staff Engineer from the NFV group at VMware. Giridhar workson VMware Integrated OpenStack (VIO) enabling features to meet the carrier grade requirementsfrom customers in Telco space. He has been involved in various automation initiatives within VMware.Prior to joining OpenStack team, Giridhar worked on vSphere networking and NSX team for about 8 years.Giridhar holds a Master's degree in Computer Engineering from the University of Arizona, Tucson.If OpenStack and NFV don't keep him busy, you can find him involved in short film productions.)*
