Four studies, one conclusion: Who is an OpenStack user?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The OpenStack UX project has collaborated with the user committee, foundation, and individual projects to conduct a series of studies with users to help improve the overall user experience associated with our projects.  The research efforts spanned multiple areas; including quotas, support and documentation, application developer experience and the OpenStackClient.   The OpenStack UX team will briefly discuss each of the studies that have been conducted on behalf of the community - including research methodologies, findings, and how the results impact OpenStack development.  The talk will have a greater emphasis on the results and, when appropriate, recommended solutions.


* **Piet Kruithof** *(Piet is an accomplished User Experience (UX) Architect and User Researcher with over fourteen years of focused contributions to software and hardware development. He is currently working as a Sr UX Architect with Intel's Open Source Technology Group and is PTL for the OpenStack UX project. Piet is a former Director with the Board of Certification in Professional Ergonomics (BCPE). The board was established in 1990 as an independent nonprofit organization and is the certifying body for individuals whose education and experience indicate broad expertise in the practice of human factors, ergonomics and user experience research. His education includes a bachelor's degree in Industrial Design from Western Washington University and master's degree in Human Factors Engineering from Virginia Tech.)*

* **Ju Lim** *(Ju Lim is a Consulting Engineer at Red Hat. She has over 12 years experience focusing on User Experience on a wide range of platforms including storage, compute, networking, and cloud. In recent years, Ju has been driving user experience improvements in several Open Source projects. She has 5 patents awarded to-date.)*

* **Danielle Mundle** *(Danielle Mundle joins the OpenStack community as a User Research Engineer. Her goal is to understand the users, workflows, and requirements of OpenStack to identify opportunities for improvements and novel solutions. As a practicing user experience consultant for the past six years, she has performed expert reviews, user-based testing, card-sorts and other user research and design activities for over 85 studies for academia, industry, healthcare, and government clients. Danielle has professional certification from the Board of Certification in Professional Ergonomics as an Associate Human Factors Professional (AHFP). She is a member of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society (HFES), Usability Experience Professionals Association (UXPA), and the Order of the Engineer. She holds an M.S. in Industrial and Systems Engineering with a concentration in Human Factors Engineering and Ergonomics and a Certificate in Human-Computer Interaction from Virginia Tech, and a B.A. in Psychology.)*
