Skipping OpenStack Releases: (You Don’t) Gotta Catch ‘Em All
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Most of the commonly-deployed OpenStack projects have been using a six-month release cycle for the majority of their existence.  In the early days of OpenStack’s lifetime in particular, a relatively short release cycle made a lot of sense due to the rapid pace of feature addition and new projects joining the fold.  Six years in, OpenStack is now a much more robust, mature platform that has attracted a much more diverse user base.  As the user base has expanded, it’s become apparent that not all operators wish to upgrade their clouds every six months.     Is it really possible to skip upstream releases?  Under what circumstances might you consider doing so, and what issues can you expect to encounter?  How can you orchestrate a skip-release upgrade? In this talk, we’ll dive into our experiences with skipping upstream releases on production clouds.


* **Mark Voelker** *(Mark Voelker is currently the OpenStack Architect with VMware, but generally prefers to think of himself as a breadth-first technologist. In past lives he has worked as a software engineer, engineering manager, and architect designing web applications, automation systems, mobile apps, traffic generators, and more weasely hacks than he can shake a stick at. He also helped design and support the infrastructure supporting his software, including LANs, award-winning SANs, load balancing, and servers. Mark currently works on enterprise cloud architecture, software defined networking, and distributed systems. He's been enamoured of Open Source approximately since his first exposure to the Internet, helped found Cisco's Open Source Conference and was part of the OpenStack@Cisco team before joining VMware in 2014 where he leads architecture for the VMware Integrated OpenStack R&D team. Mark has been active in the OpenStack community since 2011 when he attended the Diablo Design Summit and has been an attendee and/or speaker at every Summit since.  He is OpenStack Foundation member #54 and owns enough OpenStack t-shirts that he can go long stretches without doing laundry.  Mark co-founded the Triangle OpenStack Meetup in Research Triangle Park, NC in 2013 and currently leads the group's 830+ members.  As an application developer and infrastructure afficionado, Mark is concerned with interoperability of cloud platforms and is the co-chair of the DefCore Committee.  He is also a former core reviewer on the Puppet OpenStack project.  He has a habit of including vacation photos and Douglas Adams quotes in his presentations and his time can generally be bought with a sufficient quantity of doughnuts. When not holed up within the trail-photo covered walls of his workspace at home near Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, Mark can be found hiking, camping, backpacking, or making sawdust with extreme prejudice. Mark is a proud alumni of the Park Scholarships at NC State University and currently serves as a Regional Selection Leader for the scholarship. You can also find him on Twitter, LinkedIn, SlideShare, or at his occasional blog.)*

* **Sidharth Surana** *(Sidharth Surana is a Staff Engineer at VMware Inc. developing the VMware Integrated OpenStack product. He has been instrumental in design/implement various features for the VIO product. Few of the key features include OpenStack upgrade, patching for the product.)*

* **Karol Stepniewski** *(Karol is a Member of Technical Staff on the Openstack team at VMware. Originally from Poland, Karol joined the VMware team in Palo Alto in 2014. Prior to that, he spent 6+ years working on IT projects for big telco companies like Orange and T-Mobile Poland. Having customer-facing experience in scalable systems design & architecture, he joined VMware R&D to work on OpenStack. Karol's interests include cloud computing, SDN, and distributed systems, but also software UX & usability. He is a big fan of Go & Ruby programming languages (yes, he will rewrite entire OpenStack in Go some day).)*
