Who are you? Leveraging OpenStack Identity to enable Federation, Policy and Custom Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

You've heard of OpenStack features like Keystone Federation, Policy and Middleware, but how can you leverage these features in your own environments? IBM Blue Box has a long history of enabling and operationalizing OpenStack features, and have made use of these constructs to deliver reliable, compliant IaaS solutions for our customers. In this session we will remove the theory behind these OpenStack constructs and demonstrate, in a real, practical manner, how you can leverage these OpenStack Identity components to enforce corporate security policies as well as enable new features. Attendees will walk away with a first-hand accounts of how to shape OpenStack into the cloud your customers demand. Specifically, we will dive deep into how Keystone Federation is implemented and operationalized, how service policies cant be hammered into shape, and how you can easily impement your own custom middleware to enable new features and further extend your custom OpenStack offering.  


* **Craig Tracey** *(With over fifteen years of experience building scalable, automated infrastructure solutions, Craig serves Lead Architect for IBM Blue Box. In his role, Craig leads a team responsible the development of OpenStack-based on and off-prem private cloud solutions.  His focus includes everything from operations, support, and new feature development for all production OpenStack environments. Prior to Blue Box, Craig was the Cloud Automation Technical Lead at HubSpot where he designed software solutions for delivering SaaS products on top of a variety of public cloud offerings as well as home-grown private OpenStack implementations. Prior to HubSpot he helped engineer Carbonite's backup solution to over 60 petabytes and at VMware maintained network device drivers for both ESX and vSphere. Craig is an active contributor to a number of cloud ecosystem projects including OpenStack, Neutron, Nova, Giftwrap, cloud-init, Ursula and Chef for OpenStack. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from Providence College and is based out of Boston, Massachusetts.)*
