Hello World for Murano - end to end process in a Docker container and more
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

We've all faced challenges in porting applications to run on OpenStack. Murano helps by enabling cloud admins to publish a well-tested set of on-demand and self-service applications. End users can simply use the applications. But, have you ever wanted to set up Murano to explore its features, but been frustrated with putting all the required packages and their dependencies together and configure them correctly? Have you ever tried to build your own application catalog or create your own images, only to find out you are facing a steep learning curve. In the presentation, we will demonstrate a simple end-to-end process for getting Murano running on your dev environment or your laptop by running Murano in Docker containers. We will also demonstrate the details in case you want to dive deep into Murano including configuring murano API server and engine, building your own application images and catalog, how to upload the application catalog and deploy them using cli or UI.


* **Magdy Salem** *(Magdy has more than 18 years of experience with enterprise software development in a wide variaty of languages such as Java, C++, C#, Python and Go. His work at EMC is focused on the design and development of cloud base applications using microservices architecture, CloudFoundry and OpenStack. )*

* **Lida He** *(Lida He is a cloud solution architect at EMC Corporation. He has been developing OpenStack based cloud solutions including VxRack Neutrino, a hyper-converged multi-service cloud native solution, and has been helping customers to design IaaS and PaaS to support third platform applications in a wide variety of environments. He also worked on OpenStack monitoring solution for availability, performance and chargeback, and was involved with developing cinder drivers for some industry leading storage products. In addition, he has been actively involved with deploying Cloud Foundry on OpenStack and developing applications on top of it. He is inspired to become an active contributor to the OpenStack projects and community.)*

* **Julio Colon** *(I’m a Consultant Software Engineer for Emerging Technology Division.  I have been working EMC Storage Arrays and SAN technologies for about 15 years.  During my time at EMC I have performed multiple roles: Quality Engineering, Developer, Security, QA Manager, Development Manager, and Release Manager.  My current roles cover: deployments, software and hardware testing, customer enablement, engineering escalations, apps and tools development. When I am not working in EMC, I like to work with new technologies (e.g. IoT electronics, computer languages), mentoring, and spend time with the family.)*
