Easily Deploying OpenStack CIs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

From the first CI for testing Microsoft Hyper-V support on Openstack Nova, towards more than 10 CIs on Nova, Neutron, Cinder, Manila, Open vSwitch and more! Challenges faced from deploying the first Microsoft Openstack CI to scaling to over 300 hardware nodes and over 10 projects. Uncovering tips&tricks for: deploying mixed linux-windows environments varied hardware configurations coping with hardware/software/connectivity failures maximizing hardware usage by mixing the virtual and bare-metal test nodes migrating from hybrid OpenStack-On-OpenStack on Havana to bare-metal deployments on Mitaka migrating from VLANs over a flat linuxbridge network to OVS tunneling build times optimizations for reducing the execution time to less than half of the original issues, problems and limitations encountered and how we overcame them By the end of session one will know how to easily deploy a CI, quickly customize it for the required project and requirements and how to monitor and support it.


* **Octavian Ciuhandu** *(Octavian Ciuhandu is the COO of Cloudbase Solutions, a company focused on cloud computing interoperability, based in Timisoara, Romania.Octavian is a young entrepreneur that started his own business in 2004, right after graduating a research M.Sc. in DCU, Dublin, Ireland. He has over 20 years of experience with Microsoft and Linux platforms, network management and security. Proficiency in designing applications for scalability and availability is ensured following his research masters area of expertise. Since 2012, focusing on Openstack, integrating Openstack and Windows, and especially on deploying and running Openstack CIs for Microsoft Windows. In his free time, Octavian enjoys off-road driving and skiing. Cloudbase Solutions provides integration between OpenStack and Windows, including the Hyper-V Nova Compute driver and Cloudbase-Init (Cloud-Init for Windows).)*

* **Hashir Abdi** *(Currently Leading a team of Test Engineers to maintain Linux Integration Services (LIS) drivers that were contributed in June 2009 by Microsoft to the Linux kernel under my Test Guidance . Team is geographically dispersed across the globe and works to ensure that the LIS integration is maintained across the various Linux distributions by engaging with these Linux vendors and their communities.)*
