Help, I've fallen and I can't get up!: Developing the ultimate help system for OpenStack operators
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack operators have to make important decisions quickly. They have a vast range of resources on how to design, deploy, and manage OpenStack at their disposal. So what do they do when the production server goes down despite their best efforts, and their jobs are on the line? That's what we wanted to find out.  The OpenStack UX and Documentation teams are developing research that aims to give an insight into real-word problem solving, so that we can develop useful, streamlined solutions for operators. The ability to identify and consume relevant information is largely dependent on OpenStack adoption and consumption.  This talk discusses the problems we are aiming to solve, the research methodologies, and the results of our efforts. It also aims to draw some castles in the sky of what the ultimate help solution might look like.


* **Lana Brindley** *(Lana Brindley has several university degrees, a few of which are even relevant to her field. She has has been playing and working with technology since she discovered the Hitchhikers' Guide to the Galaxy text adventure game in the 80's. Eventually, she worked out a way to get paid for her two passions – writing and playing with gadgetry – and has been a technical writer ever since. Right now, she’s working for Rackspace from her home in Brisbane Australia, getting her hands dirty on cloud documentation, and loving every minute of it. She is passionate about open source, cake decorating, and great docs, and is raising her very own geek girl. One day, Lana hopes to write the manual for that, too.)*

* **Danielle Mundle** *(Danielle Mundle joins the OpenStack community as a User Research Engineer. Her goal is to understand the users, workflows, and requirements of OpenStack to identify opportunities for improvements and novel solutions. As a practicing user experience consultant for the past six years, she has performed expert reviews, user-based testing, card-sorts and other user research and design activities for over 85 studies for academia, industry, healthcare, and government clients. Danielle has professional certification from the Board of Certification in Professional Ergonomics as an Associate Human Factors Professional (AHFP). She is a member of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society (HFES), Usability Experience Professionals Association (UXPA), and the Order of the Engineer. She holds an M.S. in Industrial and Systems Engineering with a concentration in Human Factors Engineering and Ergonomics and a Certificate in Human-Computer Interaction from Virginia Tech, and a B.A. in Psychology.)*

* **Laura Clymer** *(Laura Clymer is a Senior Manager at Rackspace, with over eighteen years of experience in developing and documenting software at large, global companies. She holds a M.B.A with an Management Information Systems concentration, a PMP certification, and an MA in English education from Stanford. She has broad experience building and managing large teams with staff in multiple geographic locations. She has an ITIL foundation certification, as well as several published articles and presentations on Agile approaches for information development.    )*
