Can't we all agree?: OpenStack Personas, GUI and UI Text Guidelines for a single user experience
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The OpenStack community's operators have spoken - there is no consistency between projects and it’s impacting adoption.  Over the past nine months, a team made-up of contributors from the OpenStack WG, User Experience, Docs and Horizon have been working on a set of guidelines that help to build a consistent user experience across OpenStack’s projects. This presentation will discuss the three guidelines including the OpenStack Personas, GUI patterns guidelines and GUI text and how they can be leveraged by the individual projects.


* **Piet Kruithof** *(Piet is an accomplished User Experience (UX) Architect and User Researcher with over fourteen years of focused contributions to software and hardware development. He is currently working as a Sr UX Architect with Intel's Open Source Technology Group and is PTL for the OpenStack UX project. Piet is a former Director with the Board of Certification in Professional Ergonomics (BCPE). The board was established in 1990 as an independent nonprofit organization and is the certifying body for individuals whose education and experience indicate broad expertise in the practice of human factors, ergonomics and user experience research. His education includes a bachelor's degree in Industrial Design from Western Washington University and master's degree in Human Factors Engineering from Virginia Tech.)*

* **Jeffrey Calcaterra** *(I am a user experience (UX) researcher. I specialize in products for managing servers and other information technology (IT) infrastructure. I am currently the user research lead for the Hybrid Cloud team. Before that I was the design lead for IBM Cloud Manager with OpenStack. I am also work with the OpenStack Community. I also have a number of patents and chair the Systems user interface patent board at IBM. I started my career designing the first versions of many software utilities still shipping on ThinkPad laptops and in between worked on a number of websites, Eclipse plugins and lots of other things. I have a Masters Degree in Human Factors and Industrial Organizational Psychology from Wright State University and I have a Computer Programming Certificate and a Bachelors degree in Psychology from North Carolina State University. I love the challenge of finding simplicity in a big mess of complexity.)*

* **Rodrigo Caballero** *(Born in Mexico, Rodrigo studied Engineering Physics and Technical Writing in Germany. His experience extends across multiple industries, such as finance, electrical and mechanical engineering, and software development. Hired by Intel in 2014, Rodrigo spearheaded the documentation effort for the Linux Foundation's Zephyr Project for IoT devices. Today, Rodrigo is focused on improving the OpenStack documentation as well as the overall user experience.)*
