Implementing OpenStack in the Financial Services Industry using lessons learned from Telco.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

While the Financial Services Industry and the Telco industry would appear to be on separate paths, experience shows that many of the requirements, issues, and tasks required to build, deploy, operate OpenStack are the same.  This session will compare and contrast both industries but ultimately show that a common pattern emerges. Using lessons learned from the Telco Industry, we will show that you can satisfy your requirements, eliminate issues, and get on the right path to success. 


* **Brent Clements** *(Been working with OpenStack since Diablo and absolutely love building solutions using the OpenStack Framework.  I've done a little bit of everything with OpenStack from deploying, architecting, & developing code all the way to selling OpenStack Solutions to Service Providers and Enterprises. Currently working as the Practice Lead for the Consulting Architect team at Canonical. We help customers focus on their business rather than the technical complexities of software. We do this by providing open source software that allows for model-driven operations of "big software".   )*

* **Christian DeYoung** *(Specializing in business development and design of architecture that supports "First of a Kind" projects. Chris has over 20 years experience in the IT industry. Most of his last fifteen years has been in the Cloud & HPC field from a pre-sales design phase through implementation. Chris specializes in Enterprise Architecture, reference architecture, design, sizing and implementation of infrastructure and services. He gets it delivered on time and within budget.Chris' objective is to influence individuals, groups and society; empowering them to advance their business by designing & delivering the tools, systems and support they need to meet their business goals. Specialties include : Enterprise Architecture, Business Development, IT Architecture, Cloud, consulting, HPC. Linux, High Performance Computing, Clusters,Unix,Red Hat, SuSE, Novell, PBS, MPICH, SAN, Design, HA, RFP, RFI, Sales, Proof of Concept.)*
