The Hybrid Stack - Deploying Applications Across OpenStack, Azure, GCP, VMware and AWS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Hybrid cloud deployments for the most part rely on a least common denominator approach of abstracting the infrastructure layer and forcing limited use of the underlying cloud infrastructure, especially around compute. This completely defeats the advantage that open source cloud through OpenStack inherently provides, which is exposing all of the underlying APIs to maximize the use of your infrastructure. In order to achieve true hybrid cloud, and expose many of the more advanced features of the underlying infrastructure as well as mission critical services such as database, analytics, and LBaaS, you need to build a hybrid stack with cloud portability in mind. This talk will discuss the current state of hybrid cloud and API abstraction, as well as how to deploy applications across all major clouds without having to compromise on infrastructure layer abstraction.


* **Nati Shalom** *(Nati Shalom, Founder and CTO at GigaSpaces, is a thought leader in Cloud-Computing and Big-Data Technologies. Shalom was recently recognized as a Top Cloud Computing Blogger for CIOs by The CIO Magazine and his blog listed as an excellent blog by *technical founders* by YCombinator. Shalom is the founder and also one of leaders of OpenStack-Israel group, and is a frequent presenter at industry conferences.  )*

* **Arthur Berezin** *(Arthur Berezin is an active member of the OpenStack community and a hands-on OpenStacker since the early Essex release of OpenStack in 2012. During this time Arthur has built multiple production data centers based on OpenStack, helped dozens of organizations in planning their OpenStack environments, and in executing their software defined data center strategy. Prior to OpenStack, Arthur worked on KVM virtualization management project oVirt/RHEV and open source virtualization management technologies for mission critical environments. Arthur is the Director of Product for *Cloudify* at GigaSpaces working on an open-source and open-standard cloud application orchestration platform with cloud aware applications in mind that run natively on OpenStack and other private and public clouds. Prior to Cloudify, Arthur was a Senior Technical Product Manager for OpenStack at Red Hat and Product Owner of Keystone, Heat, Horizon, RHEL OpenStack Platform Installer (Foreman/Puppet based Project Staypuft), Packstack, and OpenStack High Availability. In the past 14 years, Arthur has served in various management and technical positions in the high-tech industry, including working as a founder and technical lead of a start up, a product line lead, Linux consultant, technical pre/post sales, and as a Linux Instructor for Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE) exams. You can find Arthur on Twitter as @ArthurBerezin or on his blog at www.Berezins.com.)*
