OpenStack and Distributed Virtual Routing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

With the introduction of Distributed Virtual Routers, administrators now have the ability to implement highly available networking environments without having to rely on separate network nodes or controllers. In addition to the High Availability (HA) benefits, distributed virtual routers relieve other OpenStack projects such as OpenStack Trove and OpenStack Sahara from experiencing network bottlenecks that affect Hadoop workloads and Database services . In this session, we will review and provide attendees an analysis of network data captured while running Hadoop and database workloads with Distributed Virtual Routers.  Attendees will also learn best practices, design considerations, and potential use cases for running Distributed Virtual Routing in their OpenStack environments.


* **Taylor Biggs** *(Mr. Biggs is a Cloud Consultant who also possesses strong Platform and Leadership skills. He usesthese abilities to engage customers, solve strategic technical, procedural, and policy-based challengesutilizing open-source technologies, practices, process improvements, and principles. Mr. Biggs hasworked as a Consultant, a System Administrator, System Owner, and Technical Lead on many projects,including a few utilizing hundreds of RHEL platforms, on which Satellite, Puppet, OpenShift, OpenStack,KVM, RHEV, Xen, Nagios, Ganglia, WareWulf/Perceus, MPI, RHDS, ArcSight, SourceFire, Splunk,Tripwire, and dozens of other proprietary and open-source software components/suites were installed.He uses his extensive and broad background to successfully deliver high-quality projects and procedureson-time and in excess of client expectations.)*

* **Yonathan Goitom** *(I am currently a Senior OpenStack Consultant with Red Hat and have been so for the past two years. As a consultant I provide assistance to customer looking to adopt new technologies like OpenStack, CEPH and containers. Prior to joining Red Hat, I was fortunate enough to provide support to NASA’s first IaaS offering, Nebula, located out of the Goddard Space Flight Center  in Greenbelt,MD. Over the past several years I’ve worked customers ranging from federal agencies to prestigious academic institutions.   I currently hold a Masters Degree in Information Assurance and currently enrolled in Capitol Technology University's PhD program. During my free time I enjoy weight lifting, bowling and researching emerging technology trends. )*
