OpenStack on Kubernetes - Lessons learned
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Due to its important number of components, deploying and managing OpenStack is known to be a complex and error-prone process. On the other hand, containers recently introduced consistent deployment capabilities and container management systems brought robust application lifecycle administration at scale. Therefore, we’ve decided earlier this year to bring the worlds of VMs and containers together by containerizing OpenStack services and managing them using Kubernetes. This effort enables companies to deploy a scalable and self-healing OpenStack platform in less than 5 minutes on top of Kubernetes. During this session, we will share the experience that we gained during the kubification of OpenStack, demonstrate how this work simplifies and accelerate OpenStack deployments and operations, and describe how what was initially a proof of concept is growing into a production-ready product.


* **Sergey Lukjanov** *(Sergey is the head of OpenStack Containerized Control Plane initiative at Mirantis. He is responsible for architecture and execution of CCP implementation. Previously Sergey was the Project Technical Lead of OpenStack Data Processing program ("Sahara", ex. "Savanna"). He has been involved in the project from the first days. One of his main responsibilities is architecture design and community-related work in Sahara. Also he is a top contributor and reviewer of Sahara and he oversees all Launchpad and Gerrit activity. Sergey is experienced in Big Data projects and technologies (Hadoop, HDFS, Cassandra, Twitter Storm, etc.) and enterprise-grade solutions. He implemented HA for Twitter Storm and Sergey is contributing to different open source projects now including Twitter Storm and OpenStack. Also, he's currently the OpenStack Infrastructure core/root team member.)*

* **Piotr Prokop** *(Piotr Prokop is Cloud Solution Engineer at Intel. Currently working on Stackanetes, project which aims to deliver OpenStack working on top of Kubernetes. For about a year he was working with container based orchestration systems.Piotr has an engineering degree in the specialization of sound and vision processing from Gdansk University of Technology in Poland.In his free time he loves to read books and listen to music from 70's.)*

* **Quentin Machu** *(Quentin Machu is a software engineer at CoreOS. In addition to working on Stackanetes, he is the author of Clair, an open source project for the static analysis of vulnerabilities in appc and docker containers. open source project, an analyze containers for vulnerabilities. Quentin completed an award-winning OpenStack project as part of his master's in computer engineering.)*
