Cloud Benchmarking
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

How will my OpenStack cloud perform against my other/existing infrastructure? How will it perform against the big three public clouds? And again other OpenStack options? When making the decision to get an OpenStack cloud it is important to anticipate performance, cost and value of that cloud with respect to the alternatives in the market. In this session, we will be defining a set of usable metrics to use to produce that comparision or scorecard and we will perform a few live tests with some workloads on the different types of clouds mentioned above, including obviously a set of OpenStack clouds built in different ways. If you want to know what to expect from OpenStack and how to relate it to other technologies, you should attend this session. If you want to know how a specific workload will perform in your OpenStack cloud, you should also attend this session


* **Arturo Suarez** *(I am the BootStack and Training Product Manager for Canonical. BootStack is the managed hosted (or on-prem) cloud service offered by the leading OpenStack OS company. The service includes a unique combination of long pursued features within the industry: SLA driven, optional cloud control transfer and reasonable commitment period. We manage your cloud as if it was our own, literally. After pitching OpenStack to several hundreds of companies, I do believe this unique combination constitutes the easiest way to enjoy the benefits of OpenStack without shifting a large quantity of resources from other, probably more relevant, tasks. I have been selling, talking and living OpenStack since its creation in 2010. That very same year, I co-founded an OpenStack native company that made the first OpenStack Distribution available worldwide. I am also a regular speaker in OpenStack, Hosting or Cloud events worldwide. Prior to OpenStack...there is nothing)*

* **Omar Lara** *(Omar Lara has served as consultant and promoter of FLOSS in both private and public sector in the last 15 years as an expert in Cloud Computing for the hosting industry in Latin America, he has led the largest Latin America OpenStack strategy for the most important datacenters in the region and a former CTO of the largest hosting company in Mexico, currently he serves as solutions architect for Latin America at Canonical, showing the best open source tools by the openstack market share leader in the region.)*
