Experiencing World's Biggest Openstack Deployment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

AT&T is engaged in a poineer work for deploying world's biggest openstack deployment with AIC (AT&T Integrated Cloud) project. I am Vice President, Program Management from Ericsson managing this program with an executive panel : Executive Director Incharge of IT/Cloud - Ryan Van Vik, Director Business Stretegy - James Smith & Director Development - Andrew Leasick discussing inspirational,knowledagble and interesting aspects of the program. This panel discussion should bring out technical, business & operational experience which can inspire & serve millions of people aspiring to know in- depth practical usage, benefits & case study on this perfect openstack project.


* **Ryan van Wyk** *(Leading a scaled agile development organization of 500+ software engineers and architects, leveraging open source technologies at massive scale, following DevOps principles and delivering via CI/CD. Responsible for executing the following strategic objectives for AT&T;AT&T Integrated Cloud (AIC): one of the worlds largest OpenStack based private clouds, deployed at scale, both domestically and internationally. AIC is enabling SDN network services like Network on Demand and the virtualizing network functions that run our mobile network. AT&T Netbond: software-defined networking (SDN) capabilities and proprietary technology that enable AT&T customers to connect, or “bond,” their virtual private network (VPN) to a cloud provider of their choice.)*

* **Jacob Smith** *(Jacob Smith is a Director - Technology leading a scaled agile development organization of cloud software engineers and architects, leveraging open source technologies including OpenStack, following DevOps principles and delivering via CI/CD. Previous to this, Jacob lead technology application development and deployment teams in both AT&T U-Verse Provisioning applications as well as AT&T Mobility Apps for iOS. Jacob is currently responsible for delivering strategic Cloud offerings and managing deployment acceleration across AT&T’s cloud.)*

* **Andrew Leasck** *(Andrew Leasck is a Director at AT&T responsible for OpenStack development, automation, and community participation. In 2015 his teams delivered cloud automation tooling, known as OpsSimple, that deployed 74 OpenStack clouds globally. Currently he is focused on creating a community engineering program at AT&T staffed for the sole purpose to help advance the OpenStack platform. Previously he co-authored an Interface normalization patent and more recently received an ITO award for driving AT&T’s Agile transformation, adopting Scrum and XP fundamentals. He attended University of Missioiuri graduating from the School of Engineering with a degree in Computer Science.)*

* **Sunil Sood** *(with a 20+ years of IT experience, I have been wowed with openstack's journey and feel pride in managing AT&T AIC as a pioneer openstack project of its kind mapping AT&Ts worldwide infra with many clouds into one integrated cloud. Enabling latest infra technologies in the world with all availaible VNFs & contributions from open community with cultural diversities all coming together to produce something amazing!)*
