I don’t always attach volumes, but when I do its host based and with os-brick
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this presentation, people can expect to get a better understanding of what os-brick really is, where it came from, and where it’s going. Initially os-brick was designed to handle host-based volume attaches and detaches, but has since grown to be much more than that. It supports a variety of transport protocols, operating systems, and architectures- it’s more than just iSCSI on Linux x86. With this expansion, os-brick hasn’t been immune to controversy within the community.  It’s faced many challenges with replacing rootwrap with privsep, and is under discussion whether or not the host based attachment approach should be replaced with QEMU direct attaches. By the end of this talk, you will walk away with an understanding of the basics and history of os-brick, how it is continuing to grow and develop, and what areas are being debated.


* **Kendall Nelson** *(Kendall Nelson is a Software Developer working on Cinder since she started in June of 2015.  She has worked on some smaller scheduler changes to Cinder and a larger effort to make the sample configuration file generation a more dynamic process.  She recently had a spec merged for and has begun working on dynamic reconfiguration of services based on changes to the configuration file. Lately she has also been involved in the refactor of much of os-brick. In addition, she is the cross project liaison for Cinder and given many intro to Cinder presentations to IBMers getting into cloud computing. At the Austin Summit, she had the privilege to give two talks- one to the Women of OpenStack about what she's learned in her first year as an upstream developer and the other on the basics of Cinder and setting up multiple backends.)*

* **Walter A. Boring IV** *(Walt is a software engineer at Hewlett-Packard currently working in the Management and Solutions Development Unit focusing on storage systems enablement.   He has been working at Hewlett-Packard since 2007.  Since 2012, he has been working on OpenStack for HP enabling several of HP’s storage systems.  He became a core member of the OpenStack Cinder team in 2013 after co-authoring the Fibre Channel protocol support in OpenStack’s Nova and Cinder projects.    He codeveloped the 3PAR iSCSI and FibreChannel drivers for OpenStack Cinder as well as helped develop the Cinder Fibre Channel Zone Manager. Also created the os-brick shared library that's used by Cinder and Nova to manage discovery and removal of volumes from a host as part of the attach and detach process for OpenStack.)*
