In depth analysis of deploying OpenStack for the Financial Sector; HENGFENG
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack provides a scalable datacenter solution, but how to deploy it when it concerns the financial sector? In this presentation, a detail will be given about deploying Liberty at the HENGFENG BANK (1987, commercial, headquartered in Yantai) to provide them with a platform to meet the demands of online banking, handling credit and credit card services in a time when commerce faces a year over year increase. You will learn the characteristics and how we have performed the analysis; from question, the PoC phase to the eventual deployment and production phase. To meet the demands of their clients, security, high availability and providing scalable services are key. Following the timeline, you will be informed about the decisions that have been made, and challenges that have been faced and how they have been resolved. Currently, the platform that has been delivered hosts over 5000 virtual instances of different operating systems, hosting key business functionality, in an HA setup.


* **Hui Cheng** *(Hui is the CEO & Founder of UnitedStack Inc., an OpenStack start-up with targeting Greater China and Asia open cloud market. As a new enterprenour who has deep engineering background in open source and cloud technologies, Hui gathered a group of powerful and talented OpenStack developers and top engineers from China and U.S., and founded this cloud company to build an open and commoditized cloud OS based on OpenStack as well as some other open source softwares in February 2013.  Hui’s dream is to build a cloud software company to overthrow the traditional enterprise IT industry, as well as a respectable open source company that could be heaven for technical engineers.Prior to starting his own business, Hui was the technical leader of the OpenStack team in Sina, where he initiated the first OpenStack based on public Iaas cloud in China, while leading his team to become the No.1 corporate contributor in China.)*
