Deutsche Telekom Openstack University – Prepare the Organisation for Disruption
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Latest since the market launch of Deutsche Telekom’s Open Telekom Cloud, the demand for Open Source and OpenStack expertise has risen substantially at Deutsche Telekom. In Europe in depth experts in this field are far below demand and face a very competitive environment. Therefore, the required expertise needs to be fulfilled by internal skill transformation of existing workforce. The presentation outlines how Deutsche Telekom approaches this challenge by providing an internal OpenStack University, which aims to complete external offers for training. Central challenge is the change of mind set and attitude of Mode A Experts towards the new Mode B Model which affects all end2end processes of the IT application lifecycle. It is further outlined how this transformation is triggered. Challenges and pitfalls are described as well as transformation elements are presented. Feedback and first experiences with the program will give insight on how it is adopted and what can be improved.


* **Clemens Hardewig** *(Dr. Clemens Hardewig is currently responsible for the delivery of Open Telekom Cloud platform and services at Deutsche Telekom. After he completed his phd studies in technical computer science and microprocessor architecture, he became employed as responsible head of mobile device software. Since his studies he has been intensively engaged on open source software and Linux. Clemens Hardewig held various management positions in the IT service and IT infrastructure area, after joining Deutsche Telekom in 1997. Since 2010 he has been responsible in a management position for the design, installation and operations of cloud infrastructure platforms. Furthermore, Clemens Hardewig is also currently working on the set up and development of a technical ecosystem and community for OpenStack offerings of Deutsche Telekom. Therefore, the technical development of the platform as well as the product development of PaaS and SaaS solutions and thus their operations are the main focus areas of his work.  )*
