HPC on OpenStack - real world deployments and use cases
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In the first portion of this session we will examine three real world implementations of HPC workloads deployed on OpenStack.  We will take a close look at each environment and discuss both the technical and business drivers behind selecting OpenStack as well as the specifics of the workload types – grid analytics, genomics and computational chemistry.   In the second portion of this session we will cover the specific technology of each of these three deployments including technical architecture, sizing, scale, underlying systems, project selection and other design, configuration and deployment aspects.   Throughout the session we will tie these use cases and technology back to a growing industry trend of “Mode 2 HPC” and what that means for HPC practitioners and organizations that want to leverage OpenStack as HPC continues to adopt private cloud technologies.


* **Jason Grimm** *(I am a husband, father and maker of things. I have lived most of my life in downtown Atlanta, but I now reside on an 11-acre sustainable family farm 1 hour north of the city. My background includes 25 years of IT experience, several certifications, various IT scar tissue and 2 technical degrees.  I am currently a Cloud Solutions Architect at Cisco and am pursuing my MIS degree at Georgia Tech. I have been working with OpenStack since the Essex release, have attended or spoken at the last 8 OpenStack summits. I am a veteran technologist with experience ranging from Naval Intelligence, freelance consulting, start-up co-founder, and a decade of professional services with Dell. My focus has been on cloud technology for the last 5 years beginning with Crowbar at Dell in 2011, Fuel at Mirantis, RPC at Rackspace and now Metacloud at Cisco. I am competent with Ruby, Python, Perl, BASH, and Java, but my greatest strengths are as a cross-discipline infrastructure architect designing and deploying complex OpenStack-based solutions and supporting sales, product and operations teams. Jason Grimm http://www.brothergrimm.com)*

* **Steven Carter** *(Steven Carter is an Architect for Cisco Systems with over 15 years of industry experience working in large universities, government research and development, and the private sector.  He has spent time as a system administrator running some of the largest supercomputers in the world, built out one of the World's first SDN networks for the Department of Energy, and developed code for both network devices and supercomputers in the process.  Steven has a wide range of experience in embedded software development, large system design and build-out, and operations.  He currently works on building solutions for technical- and data-intensive cloud computing based on OpenStack and other software-defined technologies.)*

* **Josh Lothian** *(Josh Lothian is an engineer at Cisco Systems.  He has over 15 years experience working in academic and high performance computing research facilities as a system administrator and developer.  He has supported the fastest HPC systems in the world, and is now leveraging that experience in an OpenStack devops role.)*
