How Four Superusers Measure the Business Value of their OpenStack Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Businesses care about outcomes — not so much about the specifics of your technically-beautiful OpenStack cloud implementation. This mismatch of priorities often results in "orphan clouds" — clouds that have no tenants, and no buy-in from business leadership.. How to avoid this impasse? Simple: You need to make sure your cloud is delivering measurably beneficial outcomes. How? we've asked the experts: four OpenStack superusers (each with at least a year's successful experience running OpenStack at scales of 100 to 1,000 physical nodes); we've  extracted concrete business value metrics, and learned what practices made these users' OpenStack implementations wildly successful. You can benchmark your own cloud efforts against these metrics, use them to justify an OpenStack project internally to your CXO and demonstrate value to tenants to grow internal adoption. Our superusers will share lessons learned, so you can copy their best practices and avoid their mistakes.


* **Amar Kapadia** *(Amar Kapadia is senior director of product marketing at Mirantis, the pure-play OpenStack company. Amar is also an OpenStack blogger and published his first book on OpenStack Swift in 2013. Before Mirantis, Amar was at EVault, where he helped build EVault's public cloud storage, called Long-Term Storage Service (LTS2) using OpenStack Swift. He has also worked at Emulex, VLSI, and HP on data center infrastructure technologies. Amar has an  MS in EE from UC Berkeley. Amar has also spoken at conferences such as OpenStack summit and Clouded Leopards Den.)*

* **Kamesh Pemmaraju** *(Kamesh is the Vice President of Product Marketing at Mirantis where he works to define, drive, and deliver comprehensive joint go to market activities and content marketing of Mirantis products and Mirantis Unlocked partners in the OpenStack ecosystem   Kamesh has a deep knowledge of the cloud marketplace and the OpenStack ecosystem along with a rare mix of entrepreneurial/start-up experience, passionate customer focus, and strong technical expertise.  Kamesh held marketing, product management, engineering, consulting and executive roles with a number of key companies throughout his career. As a frequent speaker at OpenStack community and business events, and as an avid blogger focused on cloud, mobile, and big data, Kamesh draws on his strong knowledge of emerging technology markets, broad open source experience, and technical consulting background to ask the right questions and advocate tirelessly for innovation. Follow Kamesh on twitter @kpemmaraju)*
