Deploying and Operating a Production Application Cloud with OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Swisscom has one of the largest in-production industry standard Platform as a Service built on OpenStack. Their offering is focused on providing an enterprise-grade PaaS environment to customers worldwide and with various delivery models based on Cloud Foundry and OpenStack. Swisscom embarked early on the OpenStack journey to deploy their app cloud partnering with Red Hat, Cloud Foundry, and PLUMgrid. With services such as MongoDB, MariaDB, RabbitMQ, ELK, and an object storage, the PaaS cloud offers what developers need to get started right away. Join this panel for take-away lessons on Swisscom’s journey, the technologies, partnerships, and developers who are building apps everyday on Swisscom’s OpenStack cloud.   


* **Pere Monclus** *(Pere is the co-founder and CTO at PLUMgrid where he builds innovative solutions in the areas of SDN and Cloud. Before founding PLUMgrid, Pere was a Distinguished Engineer at Cisco Systems in the Research and Advanced Development team, where he led innovation in the areas of cloud, security and converged infrastructure. Prior to that, he was responsible for the architecture and technology of network services and their integration with switches and routers in data centers. He sponsored some of the early work around SDN, including the SIGCOMM 2008 OF prototype on Cisco’s Flagship Catalyst 6500 platform. During his 12-years tenure at Cisco, Pere led the development and architecture of billion-dollar in the area of firewalls, L4-L7 load balancing, application development and data center switching. He has filed multiple patents in the area of networking, including control plane, data plane, security, load balancing and cloud, and is a frequent speaker at networking technology forums.)*

* **Chris Wright** *(Chris Wright is the Chief Technologist at Red Hat where he is leading engineers who work on cloud computing, distributed storage, network virtualization, containers, and continuous delivery.  During his more than 20 years as a software engineer he has worked in the telecom industry on high availability and distributed systems and in the Linux industry on security, virtualization, and networking.  He has been a Linux developer for over 15 years, most of that time spent deep in the Linux kernel. He is passionate about developing open source software to serve as the foundation for next generation IT systems.  He lives in sunny Portland, OR where he is happliy working on open source projects such as OpenDaylight, Open vSwitch, OPNFV and OpenStack.)*

* **Marcel Haerry** *(Marcel Haerry is leading the architecture of Swisscom's OpenStack based environments. With the goal of providing an elastic environment for modern platforms, such as PaaS based on CloudFoundry. Having both a system and software engineering background and years of participation within devops-minded community (e.g. Puppet), he is seeking for an automated and continuously integrated delivery of operational platforms.)*

* **Sandra O’Boyle** *(Experienced IT and telecom marketing manager and research director with over 15 years of experience. Skills include market positioning and research, brand awareness, value proposition development, content creation and marketing, competitive analysis, customer targeting, lead generation campaigns and sales training and collateral.Provide valuable market insight and product marketing strategies, experience working with senior executives in engineering and product development roles as well as sales and marketing.Excellent understanding of the competitive issues and trends shaping the telecom and IT sectors.Specialties: Mobile networks and network intelligence, Enterprise Mobility, M2M, Mobile data services, Enterprise networks, Collaboration and Communications services, Cloud strategy and services)*
