OpenStack Management at Hyperscale – a Verizon case study
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Verizon Wireless is using OpenStack as the basis for the Verizon Cloud Platform (VCP).  Openstack is helping bring features to customers faster, allowing the business to be more responsive to internal requests for services and to deliver innovative solutions to enterprise customers.  Workloads extend far beyond Infrastructure as a Service to also include networking products, databases, data-stores, hosted applications and more.    VCP services are delivered by a federated group of datacenters distributed globally. Verizon will share lessons learned from deploying and operating early phases of the Verizon Cloud Platform - an OpenStack cloud.


* **Andrew  Hendrickson** *(Distinguished Member of Technical Staff Verizon Wireless January 2015 – Present Greater New York City Area Distinguished Member of Technical Staff for National Network Operations within Verizon Wireless. Solution Architect ESRI November 2008 – December 2014 (6 years 2 months) Since GIS has grown from the back office to the enterprise, many organizations, large and small, need assistance realizing the potential for what geospatial technologies can do for them. Andrew assists in this arena. He helped ESRI clients in the design, development, and deployment of their geo-enabled information systems. Manager, Spatial Data Analysis & Geographic Information Systems Verizon Wireless April 2000 – November 2008 (8 years 8 months) Andrew was responsible for the management, development, and support of Verizon Wireless's web-based Geographic Information System. He designed and built the system from the ground up, with no existing application in place prior. This system is utilized internally to map, model and solve complex spatial analysis issues as they relate to the Verizon Wireless network landscape including EOC operations. He also managed the directional Spatial Data Process which supports the flow of coverage information and other spatial data from Verizon's network RF Engineers to collateral available in a Verizon Wireless retail store. Lastly, Andrew was responsible for the management and scheduling of ad-hoc cartographic requests and complex spatial analysis that support all aspects of the Verizon enterprise.)*

* **Sanjay Mishra** *(Sanjay Mishra is Founder and CTO of Talligent, the leading provider of cost and capacity management solutions for OpenStack and hybrid clouds.  Day to day, his activities include setting company strategy, working on Openbook deployments, creating a customer driven roadmap, and writing code.  Prior to Talligent, Sanjay was involved in a wide variety of IT infrastructure startups and roles, including co-founding a venture-backed network monitoring company and engineering and consulting roles at Tivoli and IBM.)*

* **Billy Felton** *(Work experience: 8 years working military intelligence electronic warfare systems, software development and integration for 2 years with OSI. 16 years with Verizon Wireless. Currently at Verizon Wireless, Billy leads the Tier 3 Engineering team focusing on problem systems and new technologies. These efforts primarily involved architecture and design changes correcting flaws that would limit a systems capabilities to fulfill business requirements.)*
