T-Systems' Open Telekom Cloud (OTC) powered by OpenStack: lessons learned and future roadmap
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

On March 14, 2016 at CeBIT 2016, Deutsche Telekom announced the launch of Open Telekom Cloud (OTC). The new public cloud platform will provide European enterprises of all sizes with on-demand, pay-as-you-go, secure cloud services to respond to fast changing market conditions. OTC is based on OpenStack.  In this presentation, we will discuss the opportunities and challegnes of OTC, the learnings from OTC/OpenStack deployment, and the future enhancements needed in OpenStack for OTC to trive in the competitive and fast changing European market.


* **Anni lai** *(I am an IT technology professional with a passion for community and partnership building. I'm very fortunate to live in the Silicon Valley area where I obtained my graduate degree in CS, and trainings in engineering, product mgt/marketing, business dev, services, consulting, and enterprise sales from successful companies such as Sun Microsystems/Oracle, Salesforce.com, Savvis/Centurylink, and now Futurewei/Huawei. Yes, I have done them all (except for HR, Legal, and Finance). For the last 10 years, I've chosen technology evangelism, developer enablement and partnership building to be the focus of my career because I truly believe in partner enablement/empowerment, and win-win. Together, we can make our market bigger, and win together. I formally joined OpenStack community in July 2015, however, prior to that, as the Head of Global Business Dev for Huawei, I have traveled to 30+ countries visiting telco and enterprise customers in EMEA, APAC, and Latin America to discuss their ICT and Cloud initiatives, evangelized OpenStack to both enterprise and telco communities, and presented the latest Cloud/OpenStack technologies and business trends at various industry conferences and forums.  In 2015, I've attended multiple Board meetings representing Huawei, participated in Product Team, Marketing, Diversity, Telco, etc. work groups, and presented 2 sessions and hosted a telco panel at the last OpenStack summit in Tokyo. With my engineering and business background and training in Enterprise IT and Telco, I would like to continue contributing to the OpenStack community in the following areas: 1. Generate mindshare and increase telco and service provider adoption in OpenStack 2. Bring enterprise and telco customer requirements/perspectives to OpenStack community 3. Enable the global developer and ISV communities to build interesting apps for OpenStack 4. Help woman developers and engineers to grow using OpenStack as a platform 5. Help OpenStack to embrace diversity and make OpenStack a true global movement  6. Foster more collaboration and partnerships among OpenStack members and various regional communities)*

* **Clemens Hardewig** *(Dr. Clemens Hardewig is currently responsible for the delivery of Open Telekom Cloud platform and services at Deutsche Telekom. After he completed his phd studies in technical computer science and microprocessor architecture, he became employed as responsible head of mobile device software. Since his studies he has been intensively engaged on open source software and Linux. Clemens Hardewig held various management positions in the IT service and IT infrastructure area, after joining Deutsche Telekom in 1997. Since 2010 he has been responsible in a management position for the design, installation and operations of cloud infrastructure platforms. Furthermore, Clemens Hardewig is also currently working on the set up and development of a technical ecosystem and community for OpenStack offerings of Deutsche Telekom. Therefore, the technical development of the platform as well as the product development of PaaS and SaaS solutions and thus their operations are the main focus areas of his work.  )*
