Is OpenStack Facing The Tragedy of the Commons?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The Tragedy of the Commons describes a shared-resource situation where individuals acting according to their own self-interest behave contrary to the common good and depleting the resources. Open Source project like OpenStack are similar share-resource situations - community, code, intellectual property and even brand are all commonly-held resources that members participate in the development and take advantage of the resources in support of a common good. OpenStack is commercialized by many vendors often pulling in directions, often perceived as contrary to common good. Is there a way we tell when this is happening by looking at the development practices and apply data analytics to identify when this is or is not occurring? In this talk, we take a look at the data behind the project(s) that make up OpenStack, look for signs of metric gamification, company-driven auto-reviews, and other indicators of self-interest driven software practices.


* **Daniel Izquierdo** *(Daniel Izquierdo contributes to the Activity Board [1], a project hosted under Infrastructure that provides insights and numbers about how the OpenStack community is evolving. He has also participated in the development of the quarterly reports that allow to have insights about the evolution of the several projects of the Foundation.He is also one of the co-founders of Bitergia [2], a start-up focused on providing metrics and consultancy about open source projects. His main interests about OpenStack are related to the community itself, trying to help community managers, organizations and developers to better understand how the overall project is performing. He is also developer of the Metrics Grimoire toolset [3] that aims at producing a full toolset to analyze all of the publicly available repositories used by open source communities.   [1] http://activity.openstack.org/dash/browser/ [2] http://bitergia.com/ [3] https://metricsgrimoire.github.io/)*

* **Diane  Mueller** *(Diane is the Community Lead for OpenShift Origin (http://openshift.org), the leading Open Source Paas that upstreams Kubernetes, supports Docker natively and runs on OpenStack (as well as AWS, GCP, Vmware, and bare metal). She also runs the OpenShift Commons (http://commons.openshift.org) and manages the cross-community collaboration with all the upstream projects and across the diverse and ever-expanding OpenShift eco-system. She has been coding and tinkering for over 30 years; and founded @GetMakered Labs to help connect underserved and remote communties to new technology in the Pacfic Northwest. She serves on the board of the SC Maker Faire.  She was named one of the top 10 Women in Cloud in 2015.)*
