Finding your way around the OpenStack-Dev mailing list
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

A practical guide to the OpenStack-Dev mailing list. OpenStack-Dev is one of the more active Open Source software related mailing lists around.  Averaging around 600 messages or 180 unique threads per week it's a sometimes daunting, sometimes vexing but often funny and usually informative thing to read. It was these attributes that led the author to start a weekly summary - Last Week on OpenStack Dev (aka Lwood) - in June of 2015 which has gone on to become a well regarded part of the broader OpenStack commons. Attendees at this session will gain insight into the history of the list, how best to make use of it to enhance their knowledge of OpenStack, how to get involved in discussions, how to avoid asking questions the wrong way and other hints and tips for life on openstack-dev. A short tour of recent threads - some funny, some serious, a quick look at other OpenStack related lists as well as some stats about the ebb and flow of openstack-dev list traffic will also be presented.


* **Hugh Blemings** *(Hugh is a long time contributor to Free and Open Source software and hardware having started his journey in this space in the late '90s with Slackware on an old PC and never looked back.  He has written Linux kernel drivers, standalone FOSS projects, developed and written about Open Hardware at small scale (Arduino - http://www.practicalarduino.com/) and large scale (the Open Compute Project) He's worked with and/or led some of the best Open Source development teams in the world and is pleased to serve the Australian Linux/FOSS community in his capacity as President of Linux Australia ( http://linux.org.au ) Hugh has presented at various Free Software related conferences including linux.conf.au, Ottawa Linux Symposium, Embedded Linux Conference - US & Europe, Open Compute Summit and co-presented at previous OpenStack Summits. Nowadays Hugh is a Senior Product Manager at Rackspace in the Private Cloud group.  In this capacity he works closely with the OpenStack developer community, the OpenStack Product Working Group, his colleagues at Rackspace and RPC's customers to shape RPC product offerings to be a best of breed OpenStack Private Cloud offering. Amongst all this he writes a widely read weekly summary of the openstack-dev mailing list http://hugh.blemings.id.au/openstack/lwood, still tinkers with OpenHardware and also finds time to play in a couple of rock bands in his home town of Canberra, Australia.)*
