If I don't live in US, how do I become a significant contributor to OpenStack ?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Most of the OpenStack project, workgroup, and comittee meetings are happening in US or during US working hours. As someone who lives outside of US, how do I keep up with the latest development of OpenStack, and effectively contribute and collaborate with other OpenStack developers and members? In this panel, we will have non-US managers and developers who will share their challenges, experiences, and learnings to be integrated into the OpenStack community, and to be a significant contributer to OpenStack. Also, we will brainstorm on ideas on how we can make OpenStack a true global movement.


* **Lu Ye** *(OpenStack ambassador)*

* **Ayal Baron** *(Ayal Baron is Cloud computing CTO in Huawei's ITPL and brings nearly 20 years of software development experience in the fields of virtualization, storage and networking to his role.Prior to joining Huawei, he was Senior Engineering manager in Redhat leading cloud storage and before that Co-Founder and CTO of RockeTier. Ayal lives in Isreal with his wife and two sons and studied Cognitive Sciences Life Sciences at The Hebrew University.)*

* **Roland Chan** *(Roland is COO at Aptira. Prior to that Roland ran business critical technology delivery organisations to build some of Australia’s largest telco, ISP and digital media solutions at OzEmail, WorldCom and Telstra.)*

* **Takashi Torii** *(Mr. Takashi Torii has been a member of the research laboratories of NEC, and in 2012 joined Okinawa Open Laboratories, which was founded by NTT Communications, NEC Corporation, and IIGA Co in cooperation with the government of Okinawa prefecture. Mr. Takashi Torii is now the manager of OpenStack related incubation activities in NEC, and also is responsible for designing the architecture of the OOL test bed, and also is the board member of Japan OpenStack User Group.)*

* **Anni lai** *(I am an IT technology professional with a passion for community and partnership building. I'm very fortunate to live in the Silicon Valley area where I obtained my graduate degree in CS, and trainings in engineering, product mgt/marketing, business dev, services, consulting, and enterprise sales from successful companies such as Sun Microsystems/Oracle, Salesforce.com, Savvis/Centurylink, and now Futurewei/Huawei. Yes, I have done them all (except for HR, Legal, and Finance). For the last 10 years, I've chosen technology evangelism, developer enablement and partnership building to be the focus of my career because I truly believe in partner enablement/empowerment, and win-win. Together, we can make our market bigger, and win together. I formally joined OpenStack community in July 2015, however, prior to that, as the Head of Global Business Dev for Huawei, I have traveled to 30+ countries visiting telco and enterprise customers in EMEA, APAC, and Latin America to discuss their ICT and Cloud initiatives, evangelized OpenStack to both enterprise and telco communities, and presented the latest Cloud/OpenStack technologies and business trends at various industry conferences and forums.  In 2015, I've attended multiple Board meetings representing Huawei, participated in Product Team, Marketing, Diversity, Telco, etc. work groups, and presented 2 sessions and hosted a telco panel at the last OpenStack summit in Tokyo. With my engineering and business background and training in Enterprise IT and Telco, I would like to continue contributing to the OpenStack community in the following areas: 1. Generate mindshare and increase telco and service provider adoption in OpenStack 2. Bring enterprise and telco customer requirements/perspectives to OpenStack community 3. Enable the global developer and ISV communities to build interesting apps for OpenStack 4. Help woman developers and engineers to grow using OpenStack as a platform 5. Help OpenStack to embrace diversity and make OpenStack a true global movement  6. Foster more collaboration and partnerships among OpenStack members and various regional communities)*
