The path to becoming an AUC (Active User Contributor)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The AUC recognition working group spent the last release cycle working with multiple groups within the OpenStack community including the User Committee and the OpenStack Foundation to help expand the definition of contributions beyond the current definition of only code or technical contributions.   The Working Group chairs will share with the participants the following topics: How the effort started, why and AUC, some history and background Which community roles are considered eligible for AUC. How the criteria were decided. How you can get involved in the community as an AUC! Next steps for the AUC program and its relationship with the User Committee.


* **Maish Saidel-Keesing** *(Maish Saidel-Keesing is a cloud architect for Cisco and has been working in IT for 15 years, focused on virtualization and cloud for the past 9. He has been awarded the vExpert award from VMware for the past consecutive 5 years for his contributions to the Virtualization community. Maish is the co-author of the OpenStack Design book, the VMware vSphere Design book,  and has participated as a technical reviewer of the several cloud publications. Maish has a popular blog, Technodrone, focuses on Virtualization, Architecture, Cloud and Automation and is one of the top 50 virtualization blogsfor the past 5 years Speaker History OpenStack Summit Paris 2014Openstack Israel Conference 2013, 2014, 2016DevopsDay TLV 2014VMworld 2014 UKVMUG 2013Numerous internal Cisco events)*

* **Shamail Tahir** *(I am an Offering Manager for OpenStack Initiatives at IBM Cloud and enthusiastic about technology.  In my current role, I am focused on open-source and product strategy.  I have been in the OpenStack community since 2013 and I am currently participating in the Product, Enterprise, Operator Tags, and AUC Recognition working groups along with Superuser.TV.   I am a core member of the openstack-user-stories (product WG) and OpenStack UX teams.  My background includes server/network operations, pre and post-sales engineering, as well as being a technologist focused on cloud and cloud-related eco-systems (Containers, CloudFoundry, Mesos, K8s, etc.) I am passionate about OpenStack, emerging technologies, implications of technology shifts on datacenter architectures, and driving technology adoption. You can follow me on twitter: @ShamailXD  )*
