Telecom & NFV Strategy
======================

NFV Bakeoff - Take Two
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Join a high powered panel of NFV experts to see for yourselves what the major networking vendors are doing to create cutting edge services in a virtualized network world. NFV (Network Functions Virtualization) technology has evolved rapidly since 2010 when it was first proposed by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute; in no small part to the OpenStack community’s active support and development efforts.   It is rapidly gaining acceptance in the data center and telecom industries as the hottest technological transformation that allows companies to virtualize networks to cut administrative overhead and increase the flexibility of their network services.  Join some of leading NFV vendors including Brocade, Nokia, Cisco and Juniper as we discuss the reality and challenges of bringing NFV into large scale networks.  


* **Bob Haddleton** *(Bob Haddleton is the Innovation Team Lead and a Cloud Solutions Architect in the Applications & Analytics business unit at Nokia, where he works to develop cloud-based solutions. Bob has over 28 years of experience in telecommunications software, 3G/4G wireless, and networking.  He joined the Cloud Innovation Center in 2013 and set to work using his extensive telecommunications software/networking and wireless knowledge to demonstrate how network functions can be virtualized and provide higher levels of reliability at lower costs.  He is a core reviewer for the Tacker, TOSCA Parser and Heat Translator projects, and is interested in the issues that surround deploying/configuring/monitoring/maintaining complex VNFs and Network Services.)*

* **Sridhar Ramaswamy** *(Sridhar Ramaswamy works as a Principal Engineer in Brocade’s Software Networking division. Sridhar is the PTL for OpenStack Tacker project building NFV Orchestrator solutions within OpenStack tent. Previously Sridhar contributed to OpenStack Neutron projects. Sridhar is also a Container enthusiast and tinkers solutions in the Container Orchestration space. Previously Sridhar worked as Sr. Technical Leader in Cisco Systems in wide variety of areas including LXC Container based application management and CSR1000V Virtual Router.)*

* **Christopher Young** *(Christopher Young is a Sr Consulting Engineer with Juniper Networks currently working with Service Provider customers to build OpenStack virtualized Data Centers. Primarily focused on levaraging IP Fabrics and Network Virtualization Overlays in order to internetwork high performance VNFs with legacy physical external service provider networks.)*

* **Beth Cohen** *(Beth is a Cloud Networking Product Manager at Verizon, working on developing new cloud products and services. She is also President, Luth Computer Specialists, an independent consultancy specializing in cloud focused solutions to help enterprises leverage the efficiencies of cloud architectures and technologies. Previously, Ms. Cohen was a Senior Cloud Architect with Cloud Technology Partners and the Director of Engineering IT for BBN Corporation, where she was involved with the initial development of the Internet, working on some of the hottest networking and web technology protocols in their infancy. She has been involved in the OpenStack community since the 2010 Boston Summit, when she took the first OpenStack training class ever delivered.  She then helped architect some of the earliest large deployments in the world, writing the documentation and designing the architectures as she went.  That is how she came to help write the OpenStack Architecture Design Guide, to smooth the path for others so they would not break their heads on the rocks along the path.  She continues to be active in the OpenStack Community with the Telco Working Group and Women of OpenStack.)*

Should Edge Cloud Service needs a Seperate module (Meghdwar) in OpenStack?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The Open Edge Computing (OEC) has been established as a joint venture among academia (Carnegie Mellon University), service providers (Vodafone), and vendors (Huawei, Intel). We have seen limitations in OpenStack Nova & Neutron to build a new ecosystem called Cloudlets. Cloudlets are being considered as Data Center at the Edge from developers perspective, while from Operators Business perspective they provide a platform to reduce the load on their backhaul and improve the latency utilizing their edge infrastructure. The panel will bring the OEC promoters Dr. Rolf Schuster and OpenStack “Meghdwar” participants to  debate on pros and cons of a new module, why such a module is necessary, the type of services to be supported over such a platform, and API requirements.


* **Rolf Schuster** *(Rolf has more than 20 years of experience in the internet-, IT- and telecommunications industry. He held managing director and CTO roles in several start-up companies as well as executive roles in large international corporations. He developed a track record of successful new business- and technology development in the areas of IT security-, mobile health-, analytics- and cloud services. At Vodafone, Rolf is responsible for two Partner Innovation Centres and the Vodafone Research Cooperations on a global scale. Rolf has published several books and articles in the area of cloud computing, video processing, e-business, innovation management and internet payment systems. He is a frequent speaker on those topics. Rolf has earned a master´s degree in Electrical Engineering (NJIT, USA), a PhD in Computer Science (TU Munich, Germany) and a business administration degree (FU Hagen, Germany).)*

* **Narinder Gupta** *(Narinder Gupta is a leading the Canonical Tehnical Partnership for all opensource tools and products related to Ubuntu, like Maas, JuJu, Charm and integration for Telco Grade CI/CD for OPNFV. He has been a leading practitioner of JuJu and Charms to build Orchestraion in OPNFV. A key player in Infrastructutre team and has joined the efforts in helping Meghdwar team in trying to solve the issues i elemnet mangement for Cloudlet. With his hands on experiemnce and a steady hand an dhis involvemnet in OpenStack is certainly a great resource to provide insight to debate on business value of DevOps to Carrier integration.)*

* **Adrien Lebre** *(Dr. Adrien Lebre is a full time researcher at Inria (on leave from an Ass. Prof. position at the Ecole des Mines de Nantes). He received his Ph.D. from Grenoble Institute of Technologies in September 2006. His research interests are distributed and Internet computing. Since 2011, he is member of the Architect and Executive boards of Grid’5000. Dr. Adrien Lebre has taken part to several program committees of conferences and workshops (such as CCGRID 2016/2015/2013, SC 2015/2013). He is the PI of the Discovery Initiative, an Open-Science Initiative aiming at implementing a fully decentralized IaaS manager (further information: http://lebre.adrien.free.fr/alebre/))*

* **Ulas Kozat** *(Ulas Kozat is a senior member of technical staff at Huawei R&D in Santa Clara, CA. At Huawei, he leads several R&D and open source projects in the areas of Software Defined Mobile Networks and Network Function Virtualization. He is also the PTL of OPNFV Domino Project. Previously, he has worked as principal research scientist at Argela USA in Sunnyvale, CA and as principal research engineer at DOCOMO Innovations (formerly DOCOMO USA Labs) in Palo Alto, CA.  Ulas Kozat received his Ph.D. from the University of Maryland, College Park, USA; M.Sc. from the George Washington University, Washington DC, USA; and B.Sc. from the Bilkent University, Ankara, Turkey all in Electrical & Electronics/Computer Engineering.   Dr. Kozat has published extensively (https://sites.google.com/site/ulaskozat/home/publications) and holds several patents (https://sites.google.com/site/ulaskozat/home/patents) in the areas of network modeling; cross-layer optimization; and architecture, protocol, algorithm design. He is a co-receipient of the best paper awards in IEEE ICC-2011 and ACM VISA-2010 conferences. He has served in the organization and technical programming committees of various prestegious venues including IEEE NFV-SDN, IEEE Infocom, IEEE ICC, IEEE Globecom, IEEE PIMRC, ACM Mobicom, ACM Mobisys, ACM ATC. He is a senior member of IEEE.)*

* **Prakash Ramchandran** *(Prakash has 30+ years of Telco/IT experience with MSEE from IIT Bombay. He is an active OpenStack participant, and has been a veteran consultant on NFV/SDN in the areas of data center and carrier network operations. The companies he has served for include seven.com, coverity.com, Futurewei Technologies, AT&T Labs, AT&T Mobility. He was also part of Valley start-ups and other IT /Internet Data Center ventures in late 90's and early 2000. He brought to table the experience building NFV PoCs using OpenStack eco system .Has been a regular attendee of OpenStack, OPNFV, 3GPP NFV/MEC,IEEE forums over last several years in Bay area as well globally in US, China & India.)*

CTO Perspectives on Service Function Chaining for OpenStack Clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Service function chaining (SFC) is the underpinning of NFV, enabling operators to compose a dynamic sequence of network services suited for elastic service environments that ultimately determines the quality and efficiency of service offerings. Virtualized network functions is one step in the NFV journey, but they are insufficient without proper SFC.In this session, the panel of CTOS will discuss technologies that are available today and in development for the near future to drive more agile, dynamic SFC with granular service points and policies for OpenStack operators. Some topics to be discussed will include:   Role of SFC in NFV   Challenges of deploying SFC Clarifying SFC, Service Insertion, Service Graphs SFC Architecture Framework Standards bodies: ETSI, IETF on SFC SFC working groups and where to find more information


* **Jim Guichard** *(My current position as Principal Network/Protocol Architect in Cisco’s CTO office is focused on engineering thought leadership and product development in the areas of Network Function Virtualization (NFV), Software Defined Networking (SDN), and Service Chaining. I am expected to use my knowledge of complex technologies to identify solutions that meet business objectives, or if such solutions do not currently exist, define new technologies/protocols (or extensions to existing protocols) as required and then drive them through standardization and internal engineering development.)*

* **Joel Halpern** *(At Ericsson, I lead IP related standardization activities, participate in Network Architecture and design for emerging customers needs, and assist in investigating emerging technologies of relevance to IP and Broadband.)*

* **Tom Nadeau** *(As The Chief Architect of Open Source in the Software Business Unit, Tom runs teams responsible for building commercial products based on open source, as well as contributions to upstream open source projects such as Open Daylight and Open Stack. He is responsible for the architecture of these products, as well as relevant standards around these products. Tom is also a member of the CTO Staff where he contributes to company wide technology strategy and architecture, and M&A.Tom also participates in relevant standards at The IETF, NFV and Open Daylight.)*

* **Pere Monclus** *(Pere is the co-founder and CTO at PLUMgrid where he builds innovative solutions in the areas of SDN and Cloud. Before founding PLUMgrid, Pere was a Distinguished Engineer at Cisco Systems in the Research and Advanced Development team, where he led innovation in the areas of cloud, security and converged infrastructure. Prior to that, he was responsible for the architecture and technology of network services and their integration with switches and routers in data centers. He sponsored some of the early work around SDN, including the SIGCOMM 2008 OF prototype on Cisco’s Flagship Catalyst 6500 platform. During his 12-years tenure at Cisco, Pere led the development and architecture of billion-dollar in the area of firewalls, L4-L7 load balancing, application development and data center switching. He has filed multiple patents in the area of networking, including control plane, data plane, security, load balancing and cloud, and is a frequent speaker at networking technology forums.)*

* **Wendy Cartee** *(Wendy Cartee is VP of Product Management and Marketing at PLUMgrid, Inc., the leader of secure and scalable Container and OpenStack networking for companies building private and public clouds.  Wendy has participated in open source and standards activities for many years, and helped launch the IO Visor Project which is part of the Linux Foundation. Prior to PLUMgrid, Wendy worked for companies such as Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, and HP.    An avid technology and user advocate, Wendy has 8 U.S. patents in networking technologies and is listed in the CCIE Hall of Fame.  She provides pro-bono consulting through Stanford Developing Economies and volunteers for STEM initiatives. Wendy has a BSEE/MBA, and is a graduate of the Stanford Executive Program from the Graduate School of Business.)*

Delivering Triple Play Services over vCPE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Virtual customer premise equipment (vCPE) promises greater service agility, lower cost, and faster time to market for business and residential deployments. While the industry adopts the architecture of simple vCPE with services in the cloud, the key to vCPE is not only for Internet connectivity, but delivery of rich media services such as triple play and Internet of Things (IoT) that allow carriers to monetize existing and new services quickly. In this talk, principal architects will share considerations in designing virtual infrastructure to deliver current services with extensibility to add new services. We’ll discuss virtual networks, service function chaining, virtual network functions (VNFs), OpenStack clouds, business support systems / operations support systems in reference architectures that help any carrier deploy triple play with video, voice, data, and IoT.Join us to learn design considerations, architectural models and options, and gaps in today’s current solutions


* **Sharad Ahlawat** *(Sharad Ahlawat is the senior director of engineering at PLUMGrid. He has 20 years of data networking, security, deep packet inspection, classification, and SDN technology experience.)*

* **Azhar Sayeed** *(Azhar is currently at Red Hat Inc., as a Chief Architect driving their Service Provider Architectures and solutions with Openstack, SDN, NFV and DC orchestration. Azhar has more than 25 years of experience in the networking and communications industry that includes development, design, installation and management of complex networks involving multiple technologies and products. Prior to Red Hat, Azhar is a 17 year veteran of Cisco Systems Inc. His last responsibility there was a Sr. Director of Solutions Engineering. Azhar was responsible for developing System Architectures, developing and delivering Cloud based solutions. Azhar has also actively contributed to the industry adoption cutting edge technologies. He is an active participant and a contributor to industry forums and standards bodies. His interests are in the area of Cloud Architectures, Openstack, SDN, virtualization, Data Center Networking and Mobile Networks.  Azhar is the co-author of a book “MPLS and Next-Generation Networks: Foundations for NGN and Enterprise Virtualization” with Monique Morrow. Azhar has 9 patents in the space of Network protocols and several published papers.)*

Delivering Composable NFV Services for Business, Residential, and Mobile Edge with OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Service edge routers, also known as provider edge (PE) routers, deliver business, residential, and mobile subscriber services with functions that include broadband network gateway (BNG), BGP/MPLS VPNs, and evolved packet cores. With the advent of NFV, many of these services can be disaggregated and provided through modular virtual network functions with service function chaining which offers far greater flexibility to compose, deploy, and automate services rapidly on x86 based servers. Service providers are exploring methods to bridge the service edge and cloud paradigms together to achieve the best of both worlds. In this session, the speakers will provide some background on service edge routing and discuss architectures that could help service providers with options in evolving the service edge routing architecture to achieve the agility of cloud and service richness of edge routers.  


* **Sharad Ahlawat** *(Sharad Ahlawat is the senior director of engineering at PLUMGrid. He has 20 years of data networking, security, deep packet inspection, classification, and SDN technology experience.)*

* **Ian Hood** *(High impact, results oriented professional with excellent technical and communications skills, business acumen, and team leadership. Experience in product and business strategy, global product launches, economic analysis, solutions marketing, and systems engineering.  Led the development and delivery of multiple software and hardware solutions, each of them generating market share growth and hundreds of millions to billions in revenue. Deep technical and business knowledge of Video, Mobile Internet, Carrier Ethernet, and Cloud-based networking architectures that span both Service Provider and Enterprise markets. Led many global product launches driving billions in incremental revenues.Comprehensive hardware and software technology depth across many domains including Carrier Ethernet, Mobile / Wireless, Security, Video, Software Defined Networks (SDN), Virtualization, Cloud-Based / Managed Services, Routing, and Optical Transport.)*

A Scalable Architecture for UHD Video on Demand and Live Streams
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Video on Demand traffic will dominate the Internet load by far in the upcoming years.UHD (4k) video delivery requires massive scale out of video transcoding and caching facilities to impede network congestion and control quality of service.NFV orchestration and Openstack based virtualization can provide a manageable andscalable solution to bridge the "content gap" between the owners of hi-resolutioncontent and the owners of 4k TV sets.  


* **Werner Gold** *(I am an Open Source proponent and work in this industry since 1992. After my Physics diploma, I worked as a freelance consultant and lecturer until 2000. I was founder and general manager of Millenux GmbH. We've been a key player in migrating Linux to the IBM Mainframe which has been the earliest enterprise class virtualization platform. 12 years ago I joined Red Hat and worked in different roles in the channel team, before I joined the Cloud Innovation Practice team last year as the Solution Evangelist for the Telco vertical.)*

Lessons learned from the field: Tips and tricks for NFV in OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Telecommunications companies around the world have typically used physical hardware to accommodate traditional call flows in the wireless world. With the introduction of OpenStack and network functions virtualization (NFV) into the telecommunications enterprise, there are endless possibilities for consolidation of hardware, reduction of overhead, automation of deployment, and other desirable goals in the age of cloud computing. In this session we will present some of these possibilities, along with challenges and lessons learned as we look to design future solutions. Discussion topics include: -Is OpenStack ready for carrier grade networks? (uptime, call reliability, 911 applications, etc.) -Call flows and the difficulties that they present -Why packet size and IPv6 are important and challenging -The challenges in orchestration and automation that exist in the telco enterprise -Environment testing and validation with Rally and Tempest -NFV application onboarding difficulties


* **Ryan Wyse** *(Ryan Wyse is a member of the North American Cloud Practice at Red Hat where he is working daily to deploy OpenStack to support NFV solutions.   His main background is in designing, developing, and administering multiplatform, clustered, software-defined, and cloud environments. Ryan previously worked as an OpenStack and HPC Administrator for the University of Minnesota's SuperComputing Institute. He also led a team of systems administrators in delivering services supporting research, cluster usage, OpenStack based solutions, and providing highly available computing resources including storage to campus.)*

* **Jonathan Jozwiak** *(Jon Jozwiak is a Sr. Cloud Solutions Architect at Red Hat.  His focus is on helping customers develop innovative cloud solutions based on OpenStack and Red Hat's cloud portfolio.  Jon has spent several years consulting with OpenStack and was involved in developing the cloud practice within Red Hat's consulting organization.  Previous to that Jon's background has been working for large enterprises focused initially on Unix/Linux infrastructure, virtualization, and then cloud. )*

Challenges in operationalizing OpenStack and NFV in the Telco Framework
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Virtualization has often been considered obstinate, proprietary, and costly. To address these concerns, diverse  industries have come together to create an open source virtualization platform for the telecommunication industry.   Cloud computing drives new directions for open source software. Combining OpenStack and 3GPP telecommunications standards to create a framework for increased open source development, collaboration, and innovation. This shift in ideology presents a lot of challenges in the framework that telecommunications companies have been using for years.   In this presentation we will introduce you to some of the challenges, lessons learned, and our hybrid approach to designing the telecommunications framework of tomorrow.


* **Ryan Wyse** *(Ryan Wyse is a member of the North American Cloud Practice at Red Hat where he is working daily to deploy OpenStack to support NFV solutions.   His main background is in designing, developing, and administering multiplatform, clustered, software-defined, and cloud environments. Ryan previously worked as an OpenStack and HPC Administrator for the University of Minnesota's SuperComputing Institute. He also led a team of systems administrators in delivering services supporting research, cluster usage, OpenStack based solutions, and providing highly available computing resources including storage to campus.)*

* **Karl Martin** *(Karl Martin, leads a cloud infrastructure team at Verizon Wireless, which is focused on pre-production methodologies, automation, and datacenter expansion.  Karl has worked in wireless telecommunications for 9 years and in virtualization for 15 years across many industries. )*

Heavy Reading Research Study on Telcos'  Plans for OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack is quickly gaining momentum in the telecom environment--most notably as part of NFV and cloud-led transformation. Heavy Reading, in conjunction with the OpenStack Foundation, surveyed telecom operators from around the world regarding their engagement with OpenStack, their intentions to leverage OpenStack software and the importance of OpenStack to their success in NFV and cloud. In this session, we will discuss the key findings of the study, along with the implications for the OpenStack project and the telecom industry.


* **Roz Roseboro** *(My research focuses on how innovation and change are impacting the compute, network and storage infrastructure domains within the data centers of telecom operators. This includes particular emphasis on trends such as virtualization, disaggregation and convergence. Trends that I monitor on an on-going basis include how open source is impacting the development process for telecom, and how telco data centers are transforming to support SDN, NFV and cloud. )*

Service Flows for Containerized VNF Distributed across clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The VNF in telecom or other industry are interested in capabilities like service chain so they can dynamically stich services together as needed. The requirement is being able to both define service chain and also manage the data flows to those chains based on dynamic configurations like user profiles. A service chain defined in Networking-SFC is applied to port pairs and will act on all the traffic following those ports. A combination of NSH headers and ODL based policy enforcements are possible but they require the service aware VNFs be deployed for the flows to work. In order for VNFs be deployed as is and have the data flows redefined to suit the data path requirement is the focus of our technologies that are based on OVS / OVN and/or Neutron. This presentation will offer a few options and also demonstrate one of our implementations. Our current implementation is for containerized VNF, though will work seamlessly for VM based VNF or a combination of both as well as multi-cloud.


* **Murali Rangachari** *(Murali has been deeply involved with cloud technologies for more than a decade. His current focus is with Neutron, OVS/OVN, Docker & OPNFV communities implementing solutions for Telecom services in 5G at Huawei R&D Center in Santa Clara. Among other innovations, Murali had involvements in developing new backup technologies at NetApp for Windows/Hyper-v and storage modules at VMware for ESXi.)*

* **David Dai** *(David Dai is the head of technology developments at NFV Competence Center at Huawei Research labs at Santa Clara.)*

Gluon - Accelerating Development of New Networking Services for OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

AT&T has recently been driving the vendor community to come up with an NFV-ready networking architecture for OpenStack.  Working with OPNFV they identified a set of networking use-cases use-cases that are not cleanly addressed with Neutron. Gluon is our initial attempt at creating a model-driven approach to implement these use cases.  We started by creating a new set of APIs specificially for L3 VPNs.  At OPNFV in Berlin we demonstrated interoperability between four vendors' SDN controllers within a single Openstack cloud.  Our framework allows us to create new network models rapidly, switch new models in and out without impact, and for those models to serve multiple controllers and clouds within a telco network. In this panel we will discuss use cases needed by the operator; the networking services needed for these use cases; how the vendor community is participating in this engagement; and how we want to work with OpenStack to implement these services.    


* **Vincent Button** *(Director of Innovation at AT&T Foundry, Plano Vincent has been a coder, an engineer and an innovator for over 20 years.  He's worked with most emerging technologies from VoIP, to PONS, to IPTV, to Connected Cars, and now to the Openstack Cloud. Through Innovation and Entreprenurial engagement, Vincent has worked with the AT&T Foundry to bring compelling new solutions to market, and now accelerates AT&T's transition to a software based company using Openstack and SDN. As Co-Foundry of the Gravity Center incubator in Plano, he created an environment that became host to 20 North Texas startup companies.  The Gravity Center was superceded by The DEC which serves entrepreneurial startups community in Dallas. As Solution Specialist with Alcatel-Lucent and ngConnect Vincent created prototyped new solutions using emerging technologies such as IPTV, Augmented Reality, and Mobile Apps.    )*

* **Ian Wells** *(An OpenStack developer and user since the Essex release, Ian works on the internals of Openstack, on applications to run on top of Openstack, and on making Openstack easy for people to use.  His current focus is in NFV, the work to use Openstack to provide virtual network functions in an OpenStack cloud for use in telco networks - a balancing act to get maximum performance from a cloud infrastructure while running mission critical network intensive workloads.)*

* **Marco Rodrigues** *(Systems ( Engineer | Administrator | Developer | insert title here..) with over 18 years of experience in building and running large networks (both server and network side), growing business, developing resources, keynotes, standards work, etc. Extensive sales, engineering and operational experience with service providers and web 2.0 companies. Recent focus has been helping drive and deliver Telco Cloud target architectures and strategies with various Tier 1's. A big part of this strategy includes Openstack and OpenContrail.   )*

* **Jeff Collins** *(Jeff is driving NFV, Cloud, SDN, & IP strategy for Ericsson within North America.  He is an active member within the OpenStack, OPNFV, & OpenDaylight communities.  Jeff is an experienced technical and business leader with a proven record of accomplishments in the IP/Telecom industry.  He holds a Master of Software Engineer and is currently pursuing a Ph.D. at Southern Methodist University.)*

* **Tobias Ford** *(As the AVP of Cloud Infrastructure and Platform Architecture & Strategy for AT&T, Toby Ford leads technology efforts around AT&T's cloud offerings both internally and externally focused. Currently, Mr. Ford is responsible for shepherding SDN and NFV projects on to AT&T’s Common Cloud platform. Toby served as CTO for USi, which was acquired by AT&T in 2006. Previously, Mr. Ford held positions at Cornell University, ARINC, TeleCommunication Systems, and his own company in the Netherlands. Toby is also a member of the OpenStack Board of Directors.    )*

NTT West - Beyond Neutron, taking control of a physical multi-vendor network with OpenDaylight
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Neutron provides a rich set of functionality to deliver fully featured networking services between OpenStack tenants. However the roles and responsibilities of Neutron end here, to deliver broader networking capabilities and take programmatic control of the underlying network an SDN controller is of value. OpenDaylight is a popular SDN controller, it provides multiple southbound APIs and a model driven abstraction layer allowing systematic programmability of multi-vendor devices. Current efforts to integrate OpenDaylight into an OpenStack environment have focused on simply delivering the same functionality as Neutron. In this presentation we will demonstrate how OpenDaylight can be used to configure underlay network elements such as a firewall and expose this ability as a service for OpenStack tenants to take advantage of, essentially allowing physical FWaaS.


* **Shigeaki Kimura** *(Shigeaki Kimura is an assistant manager at R&D Center, NTT-West.He is engaged in the development of a server platform for providing telecommunication services.He is challenging the OpenStack to evolve NTT-West's server infrastructure every day.)*

* **Jon Castro** *(Jon Castro is a Senior Software Engineer at Brocade, a data and storage networking company. He works in Network Development Services team developing and integrating Network Functions Virtualization and Software Defined Networking solutions. His main personal research interests concern high performance networking and telecommunications, software defined networking, network automation and programmable data planes. Jon also has extensive experience in network automation, provisioning and inventory for telecommunications companies. He also has broader experience in OSS and network data retention systems.)*

* **Darin Sikanic** *(Darin Sikanic is an associate engineer at Brocade and has been involved in developing SDN and NFV related solutions internationally. He has keen interest in programming, automation, and networking. Previously to Brocade he worked at the National Broadband Network (NBN) as a web developer, developing tools to assist network planners. )*

Telco grade OpenStack deployment using containers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Many of today’s Operators have successfully rolled out virtualized OpenStack to build their private clouds.  This approach offers a standard way to deploy and manage OpenStack to support different size of clouds and workloads. The next logical step forward is to use container technology to achieve additional optimization in footprint, availability and operations while deploying OpenStack for large private clouds. More specifically, the use of Kubernetes for a container framework to deploy OpenStack is of interest to many Operators and vendors alike. This presentation will focus on the challenges as well as the lessons learned from an effort to stand up OpenStack in Kubernetes based container framework with additional features such as policy, security, networking etc. We will also share our vision and requirements for building an OpenStack cloud that can scale from two bare metal hosts on up, using container orchestration principles to more effectively manage large and diverse clouds.


* **Gnanavelkandan Kathirvel** *(Gnanavelkandan Kathirvel is a Lead Principal-Technical Architect at AT&T working on Cloud Strategy, Cloud Architecture and Network function Virtualization (NFV). Previously, Kandan led the architecture work to support Cloud convergence, building external cloud and Content Delivery network (CDN) for AT&T. He is currently focused on AT&T’s “Domain 2.0” initiative to virtualize large portions of AT&T Network services infrastructure on top of a common OpenStack based Cloud. )*

* **Jonathan King** *(To be added.)*

* **Randall DeFauw** *(Randy DeFauw is Director of Cloud Solutions at Mirantis.  He has 15 years of experience in technology, ranging from software development to consulting to marketing and product management.  He spent several years working on DevOps and CI/CD process and automation, and most recently worked on replication infrastructure for large-scale Hadoop deployments.)*

* **Haseeb Akhtar** *(20+ years of experience spanned across various roles within the research and product development of telecommunication systems, with a special concentration on wireless and packet based networks. In depth knowledge of IETF (TCP/UDP, IP, LDAP, SIP, SNMP, RTP/RTCP, IPSec, Mobile IP, Radius/Diameter etc.), wireless (TDMA, CDPD, CDMA, 1XRTT, GPRS, UMTS, WiMAX, LTE, 802.11x based WLAN etc.) and wireline (ANSI-41, ATM, ISUP, MEGACO/MGCP, PRI, SS7, TDM etc.) protocols. Always held key positions and led highly competent technical teams to come up with state-of-the art solution. Filed over 60 patents (to date, 36 of them have been granted by US, Australia and European patent authorities), authored several IETF documents (co-authored RFC 4283, contributed in RFCs 3344, 3588 and 3846 and co-authored other IETF drafts). Also authored conference papers and chapters in books on 3G/4G wireless networks.Specialties: Application driven End-to-End Solution Architecture, Performance of Applications and Services, Translation of Business Drivers into Technical Requirements, Technical Validation and Development of Business Cases.)*

How Open Source NFV is Taking the Telco Industry by Storm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

As announced by Jonathan Bryce in the opening keynote for the OpenStack Austin Summit, NFV is one of the biggest growth areas for OpenStack. Many leading operators and vendors are currently using OpenStack to help deliver NFV-based solutions, investing heavily in open source platforms. But why is this happening? How? In this session, OPNFV director Heather Kirksey will discuss NFV as key growth driver for OpenStack, and how OpenStack is a key element of the OPNFV software stack. She’ll then sit down with Tomi Juvonen, a  key contributor in the technical community, to discuss how the transformation is actualizing, how work gets done between key projects, and how this all translates into code advancement.  


* **Tomi Juvonen** *(Highly experienced Telco world specialist since 1998. Designed and implemented tons of code, lead specific SW areas, kept trainings and communicated between different people how the wheel is or should be implemented. Currently working in OPNFV Doctor project and Openstack to have Telco industry a solid ground in cloud.)*

* **Heather Kirksey** *(As the director, Heather Kirksey works with the OPNFV community to advance the adoption and implementation of open source NFV platform. She oversees and provides guidance for all aspects of the project, from technology to community and marketing and reports to OPNFV board of directors. Most recently Kirksey led strategic technology alliances for MongoDB. Earlier in her career she held various leadership positions in the telecom industry including running a partner program for CPE, doing solutions marketing for the IP Division at Alcatel-Lucent, business development, and participating in numerous standards activities. While at Broadband Forum she helped create and launch TR-069, served as BroadbandHome Technical Working Group Chair, served on the board, and oversaw collaborative activities with ATIS, 3GPP, OSGi, ITU-T, OMA, IETF, Small Cell Forum, UPnP Forum, Home Gateway Initiative, and other groups. She received her master’s degree in English Literature from the University of Texas, Austin.)*

Open Source Networking: From Telco to Enterprise
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Open Source and Standards are inspiring and enabling new technological breakthroughs, with groups like OpenDaylight, OPNFV, ONF, ETSI and others pioneering the way forward. Carriers and enterprises are increasingly asking vendors to deliver solutions based on open source with varying results. NFV for example has become one of OpenStack’s fastest-growing use cases. The industry is going through a major transition, with critical questions having been answered (e.g.,the need for multiple protocols) but new ones being raised (e.g., the role policy and intent, how to scale out centralized control, evolving role of OpenFlow). OpenDaylight Executive Director Neela Jacques will give an overview of the state of open source networking, the role of OpenDaylight as the de facto standard for SDN and NFV, how it’s evolved from roots in the telecom space (and why carriers are early adopters of large-scale deployments), emerging use cases, case studies and end user adoption trends and predictions.


* **Neela Jacques** *(A 20-year veteran of the tech industry, Neela Jacques brings a wealth of business, product and open source experience to the role of Executive Director for OpenDaylight. He has taken OpenDaylight from a nascent project whose future was doubted by many to a vibrant, growing open source community that is quickly becoming the de facto standard industry platform. He helped grow VMware’s Virtualization and Cloud business launching multiple multi-million dollar products and initiatives, and consulted CEOs and CIOs on product strategy and M&A as a Bain & Co. Consultant. He is an advisor and board member for startups, a frequent writer for leading publications and dynamic public speaker.  )*

Open Networking in Action: SDN and NFV + OpenStack and Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

SDN and NFV are fast becoming de facto industry standards as networks become more virtualized and agile among a rapidly evolving ecosystem. In this panel discussion, networking experts from across leading open source networking organizations -- as well as large telco providers, including AT&T-- will break down the current state of open networking as whole, with particular focus on how NFV and SDN integrate with OpenStack and the Cloud. Learn how these components fit together across disciplines with OpenStack at the center among a diverse set of real-world use cases and applications. The group will discuss recent trends (including AT&T’s recently open-sourced ECOMP), current challenges, how things have changed over the past year and recent months, what is currently in motion, and predictions on where the market is heading.


* **Neela Jacques** *(A 20-year veteran of the tech industry, Neela Jacques brings a wealth of business, product and open source experience to the role of Executive Director for OpenDaylight. He has taken OpenDaylight from a nascent project whose future was doubted by many to a vibrant, growing open source community that is quickly becoming the de facto standard industry platform. He helped grow VMware’s Virtualization and Cloud business launching multiple multi-million dollar products and initiatives, and consulted CEOs and CIOs on product strategy and M&A as a Bain & Co. Consultant. He is an advisor and board member for startups, a frequent writer for leading publications and dynamic public speaker.  )*

* **Heather Kirksey** *(As the director, Heather Kirksey works with the OPNFV community to advance the adoption and implementation of open source NFV platform. She oversees and provides guidance for all aspects of the project, from technology to community and marketing and reports to OPNFV board of directors. Most recently Kirksey led strategic technology alliances for MongoDB. Earlier in her career she held various leadership positions in the telecom industry including running a partner program for CPE, doing solutions marketing for the IP Division at Alcatel-Lucent, business development, and participating in numerous standards activities. While at Broadband Forum she helped create and launch TR-069, served as BroadbandHome Technical Working Group Chair, served on the board, and oversaw collaborative activities with ATIS, 3GPP, OSGi, ITU-T, OMA, IETF, Small Cell Forum, UPnP Forum, Home Gateway Initiative, and other groups. She received her master’s degree in English Literature from the University of Texas, Austin.)*

* **Bryan Sullivan** *(With 33 years experience in the telecom industry, Bryan has served in a wide variety of development, architecture, and standards roles for digital switching platforms, mobility data services, and web services.  Currently focused on open source strategy related to NFV/SDN, Bryan is an OPNFV TSC member, and leads a team engaged in open source through OPNFV and various upstream communities.)*

* **Jonathan Bryce** *(Jonathan Bryce, who has spent his career building the cloud, is Executive Director of the OpenStack Foundation. Previously he was a founder of The Rackspace Cloud. He started his career working as a web developer for Rackspace, and during his tenure, he and co-worker Todd Morey had a vision to build a sophisticated web hosting environment where users and businesses alike could turn to design, develop and deploy their ideal web site – all without being responsible for procuring the technology, installing it or making sure it is built to be always available. This vision became The Rackspace Cloud. Since then he has been a major driver of OpenStack, the open source cloud software initiative.)*

* **Christopher Price** *(Chris leads open source industry collaboration for Ericsson in the areas of NFV, Cloud & SDN from the CTO’s office in Sweden and is an active member of the technical steering comitee’s of the OpenDaylight and OPNFV Projects. Chris’ experiences include leading Ericssons' IP&Broadband network architecture and standardization teams with a rich history in development of systems and technology in the areas of network management, policy control and user service management, user session control plane solutions, and DPI technologies.)*

Linux Foundation and OpenStack: How the New Open Networking Stack is transforming the industry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The networking industry is in the midst of a massive transformation, similar to the server market of two decades ago, and open source (and OpenStack)  are at the heart of this shift. Bringing together cloud computing and IT capabilities to network providers through solutions like Network Functions Virtualization (NFV), open source collaboration across the stack enables organizations to deliver new and better services faster. Together with OpenStack, The Linux Foundation is ushering in this transformation via the intersection across OpenStack and LF projects such as Open-O, Cloud Foundry Foundation, OpenDaylight, OPNFV, and ONOS, FD.io and others. In this presentation, OpenDaylight Senior Technical Director Phil Robb will discuss how the diverse capabilities--such as agile programmability, interoperability and modularity, virtualization and cloud, and flexible orchestration--of different open source projects across disciplines are coming together to transform the network.


* **Phillip Robb** *(Phil Robb is senior technical director for OpenDaylight, an open source platform for SDN and NFV. Phil is a widely respected expert in the area of open source strategy, business impact, and governance. He is frequently asked to speak at international technology and business events and he has been consulted by policy makers including the European Commission, and the United States Department of Justice as well as numerous high technology trade organizations. Prior to joining the OpenDaylight, Phil was the director of HP’s Open Source Program Office where he had responsibility for HP’s corporate open source strategy, engagement with the open source community, oversight of the Open Source Review Board, and a variety of software development projects. Phil was focused on open source at HP from 2001 through 2012. Prior to HP, Phil held senior management and technical positions at Critical Path, Fisher Scientific, Motorola and Honeywell-Bull focused on wireless, and wire-line high speed telecommunications software and services. Phil holds a bachelor of science degree in Management Information Systems from Bowling Green State University and performed graduate studies in Computer Science at Colorado State University.)*
