Gluon - Accelerating Development of New Networking Services for OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

AT&T has recently been driving the vendor community to come up with an NFV-ready networking architecture for OpenStack.  Working with OPNFV they identified a set of networking use-cases use-cases that are not cleanly addressed with Neutron. Gluon is our initial attempt at creating a model-driven approach to implement these use cases.  We started by creating a new set of APIs specificially for L3 VPNs.  At OPNFV in Berlin we demonstrated interoperability between four vendors' SDN controllers within a single Openstack cloud.  Our framework allows us to create new network models rapidly, switch new models in and out without impact, and for those models to serve multiple controllers and clouds within a telco network. In this panel we will discuss use cases needed by the operator; the networking services needed for these use cases; how the vendor community is participating in this engagement; and how we want to work with OpenStack to implement these services.    


* **Vincent Button** *(Director of Innovation at AT&T Foundry, Plano Vincent has been a coder, an engineer and an innovator for over 20 years.  He's worked with most emerging technologies from VoIP, to PONS, to IPTV, to Connected Cars, and now to the Openstack Cloud. Through Innovation and Entreprenurial engagement, Vincent has worked with the AT&T Foundry to bring compelling new solutions to market, and now accelerates AT&T's transition to a software based company using Openstack and SDN. As Co-Foundry of the Gravity Center incubator in Plano, he created an environment that became host to 20 North Texas startup companies.  The Gravity Center was superceded by The DEC which serves entrepreneurial startups community in Dallas. As Solution Specialist with Alcatel-Lucent and ngConnect Vincent created prototyped new solutions using emerging technologies such as IPTV, Augmented Reality, and Mobile Apps.    )*

* **Ian Wells** *(An OpenStack developer and user since the Essex release, Ian works on the internals of Openstack, on applications to run on top of Openstack, and on making Openstack easy for people to use.  His current focus is in NFV, the work to use Openstack to provide virtual network functions in an OpenStack cloud for use in telco networks - a balancing act to get maximum performance from a cloud infrastructure while running mission critical network intensive workloads.)*

* **Marco Rodrigues** *(Systems ( Engineer | Administrator | Developer | insert title here..) with over 18 years of experience in building and running large networks (both server and network side), growing business, developing resources, keynotes, standards work, etc. Extensive sales, engineering and operational experience with service providers and web 2.0 companies. Recent focus has been helping drive and deliver Telco Cloud target architectures and strategies with various Tier 1's. A big part of this strategy includes Openstack and OpenContrail.   )*

* **Jeff Collins** *(Jeff is driving NFV, Cloud, SDN, & IP strategy for Ericsson within North America.  He is an active member within the OpenStack, OPNFV, & OpenDaylight communities.  Jeff is an experienced technical and business leader with a proven record of accomplishments in the IP/Telecom industry.  He holds a Master of Software Engineer and is currently pursuing a Ph.D. at Southern Methodist University.)*

* **Tobias Ford** *(As the AVP of Cloud Infrastructure and Platform Architecture & Strategy for AT&T, Toby Ford leads technology efforts around AT&T's cloud offerings both internally and externally focused. Currently, Mr. Ford is responsible for shepherding SDN and NFV projects on to AT&T’s Common Cloud platform. Toby served as CTO for USi, which was acquired by AT&T in 2006. Previously, Mr. Ford held positions at Cornell University, ARINC, TeleCommunication Systems, and his own company in the Netherlands. Toby is also a member of the OpenStack Board of Directors.    )*
