Should Edge Cloud Service needs a Seperate module (Meghdwar) in OpenStack?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The Open Edge Computing (OEC) has been established as a joint venture among academia (Carnegie Mellon University), service providers (Vodafone), and vendors (Huawei, Intel). We have seen limitations in OpenStack Nova & Neutron to build a new ecosystem called Cloudlets. Cloudlets are being considered as Data Center at the Edge from developers perspective, while from Operators Business perspective they provide a platform to reduce the load on their backhaul and improve the latency utilizing their edge infrastructure. The panel will bring the OEC promoters Dr. Rolf Schuster and OpenStack “Meghdwar” participants to  debate on pros and cons of a new module, why such a module is necessary, the type of services to be supported over such a platform, and API requirements.


* **Rolf Schuster** *(Rolf has more than 20 years of experience in the internet-, IT- and telecommunications industry. He held managing director and CTO roles in several start-up companies as well as executive roles in large international corporations. He developed a track record of successful new business- and technology development in the areas of IT security-, mobile health-, analytics- and cloud services. At Vodafone, Rolf is responsible for two Partner Innovation Centres and the Vodafone Research Cooperations on a global scale. Rolf has published several books and articles in the area of cloud computing, video processing, e-business, innovation management and internet payment systems. He is a frequent speaker on those topics. Rolf has earned a master´s degree in Electrical Engineering (NJIT, USA), a PhD in Computer Science (TU Munich, Germany) and a business administration degree (FU Hagen, Germany).)*

* **Narinder Gupta** *(Narinder Gupta is a leading the Canonical Tehnical Partnership for all opensource tools and products related to Ubuntu, like Maas, JuJu, Charm and integration for Telco Grade CI/CD for OPNFV. He has been a leading practitioner of JuJu and Charms to build Orchestraion in OPNFV. A key player in Infrastructutre team and has joined the efforts in helping Meghdwar team in trying to solve the issues i elemnet mangement for Cloudlet. With his hands on experiemnce and a steady hand an dhis involvemnet in OpenStack is certainly a great resource to provide insight to debate on business value of DevOps to Carrier integration.)*

* **Adrien Lebre** *(Dr. Adrien Lebre is a full time researcher at Inria (on leave from an Ass. Prof. position at the Ecole des Mines de Nantes). He received his Ph.D. from Grenoble Institute of Technologies in September 2006. His research interests are distributed and Internet computing. Since 2011, he is member of the Architect and Executive boards of Grid’5000. Dr. Adrien Lebre has taken part to several program committees of conferences and workshops (such as CCGRID 2016/2015/2013, SC 2015/2013). He is the PI of the Discovery Initiative, an Open-Science Initiative aiming at implementing a fully decentralized IaaS manager (further information: http://lebre.adrien.free.fr/alebre/))*

* **Ulas Kozat** *(Ulas Kozat is a senior member of technical staff at Huawei R&D in Santa Clara, CA. At Huawei, he leads several R&D and open source projects in the areas of Software Defined Mobile Networks and Network Function Virtualization. He is also the PTL of OPNFV Domino Project. Previously, he has worked as principal research scientist at Argela USA in Sunnyvale, CA and as principal research engineer at DOCOMO Innovations (formerly DOCOMO USA Labs) in Palo Alto, CA.  Ulas Kozat received his Ph.D. from the University of Maryland, College Park, USA; M.Sc. from the George Washington University, Washington DC, USA; and B.Sc. from the Bilkent University, Ankara, Turkey all in Electrical & Electronics/Computer Engineering.   Dr. Kozat has published extensively (https://sites.google.com/site/ulaskozat/home/publications) and holds several patents (https://sites.google.com/site/ulaskozat/home/patents) in the areas of network modeling; cross-layer optimization; and architecture, protocol, algorithm design. He is a co-receipient of the best paper awards in IEEE ICC-2011 and ACM VISA-2010 conferences. He has served in the organization and technical programming committees of various prestegious venues including IEEE NFV-SDN, IEEE Infocom, IEEE ICC, IEEE Globecom, IEEE PIMRC, ACM Mobicom, ACM Mobisys, ACM ATC. He is a senior member of IEEE.)*

* **Prakash Ramchandran** *(Prakash has 30+ years of Telco/IT experience with MSEE from IIT Bombay. He is an active OpenStack participant, and has been a veteran consultant on NFV/SDN in the areas of data center and carrier network operations. The companies he has served for include seven.com, coverity.com, Futurewei Technologies, AT&T Labs, AT&T Mobility. He was also part of Valley start-ups and other IT /Internet Data Center ventures in late 90's and early 2000. He brought to table the experience building NFV PoCs using OpenStack eco system .Has been a regular attendee of OpenStack, OPNFV, 3GPP NFV/MEC,IEEE forums over last several years in Bay area as well globally in US, China & India.)*
