CTO Perspectives on Service Function Chaining for OpenStack Clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Service function chaining (SFC) is the underpinning of NFV, enabling operators to compose a dynamic sequence of network services suited for elastic service environments that ultimately determines the quality and efficiency of service offerings. Virtualized network functions is one step in the NFV journey, but they are insufficient without proper SFC.In this session, the panel of CTOS will discuss technologies that are available today and in development for the near future to drive more agile, dynamic SFC with granular service points and policies for OpenStack operators. Some topics to be discussed will include:   Role of SFC in NFV   Challenges of deploying SFC Clarifying SFC, Service Insertion, Service Graphs SFC Architecture Framework Standards bodies: ETSI, IETF on SFC SFC working groups and where to find more information


* **Jim Guichard** *(My current position as Principal Network/Protocol Architect in Cisco’s CTO office is focused on engineering thought leadership and product development in the areas of Network Function Virtualization (NFV), Software Defined Networking (SDN), and Service Chaining. I am expected to use my knowledge of complex technologies to identify solutions that meet business objectives, or if such solutions do not currently exist, define new technologies/protocols (or extensions to existing protocols) as required and then drive them through standardization and internal engineering development.)*

* **Joel Halpern** *(At Ericsson, I lead IP related standardization activities, participate in Network Architecture and design for emerging customers needs, and assist in investigating emerging technologies of relevance to IP and Broadband.)*

* **Tom Nadeau** *(As The Chief Architect of Open Source in the Software Business Unit, Tom runs teams responsible for building commercial products based on open source, as well as contributions to upstream open source projects such as Open Daylight and Open Stack. He is responsible for the architecture of these products, as well as relevant standards around these products. Tom is also a member of the CTO Staff where he contributes to company wide technology strategy and architecture, and M&A.Tom also participates in relevant standards at The IETF, NFV and Open Daylight.)*

* **Pere Monclus** *(Pere is the co-founder and CTO at PLUMgrid where he builds innovative solutions in the areas of SDN and Cloud. Before founding PLUMgrid, Pere was a Distinguished Engineer at Cisco Systems in the Research and Advanced Development team, where he led innovation in the areas of cloud, security and converged infrastructure. Prior to that, he was responsible for the architecture and technology of network services and their integration with switches and routers in data centers. He sponsored some of the early work around SDN, including the SIGCOMM 2008 OF prototype on Cisco’s Flagship Catalyst 6500 platform. During his 12-years tenure at Cisco, Pere led the development and architecture of billion-dollar in the area of firewalls, L4-L7 load balancing, application development and data center switching. He has filed multiple patents in the area of networking, including control plane, data plane, security, load balancing and cloud, and is a frequent speaker at networking technology forums.)*

* **Wendy Cartee** *(Wendy Cartee is VP of Product Management and Marketing at PLUMgrid, Inc., the leader of secure and scalable Container and OpenStack networking for companies building private and public clouds.  Wendy has participated in open source and standards activities for many years, and helped launch the IO Visor Project which is part of the Linux Foundation. Prior to PLUMgrid, Wendy worked for companies such as Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, and HP.    An avid technology and user advocate, Wendy has 8 U.S. patents in networking technologies and is listed in the CCIE Hall of Fame.  She provides pro-bono consulting through Stanford Developing Economies and volunteers for STEM initiatives. Wendy has a BSEE/MBA, and is a graduate of the Stanford Executive Program from the Graduate School of Business.)*
