How Open Source NFV is Taking the Telco Industry by Storm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

As announced by Jonathan Bryce in the opening keynote for the OpenStack Austin Summit, NFV is one of the biggest growth areas for OpenStack. Many leading operators and vendors are currently using OpenStack to help deliver NFV-based solutions, investing heavily in open source platforms. But why is this happening? How? In this session, OPNFV director Heather Kirksey will discuss NFV as key growth driver for OpenStack, and how OpenStack is a key element of the OPNFV software stack. She’ll then sit down with Tomi Juvonen, a  key contributor in the technical community, to discuss how the transformation is actualizing, how work gets done between key projects, and how this all translates into code advancement.  


* **Tomi Juvonen** *(Highly experienced Telco world specialist since 1998. Designed and implemented tons of code, lead specific SW areas, kept trainings and communicated between different people how the wheel is or should be implemented. Currently working in OPNFV Doctor project and Openstack to have Telco industry a solid ground in cloud.)*

* **Heather Kirksey** *(As the director, Heather Kirksey works with the OPNFV community to advance the adoption and implementation of open source NFV platform. She oversees and provides guidance for all aspects of the project, from technology to community and marketing and reports to OPNFV board of directors. Most recently Kirksey led strategic technology alliances for MongoDB. Earlier in her career she held various leadership positions in the telecom industry including running a partner program for CPE, doing solutions marketing for the IP Division at Alcatel-Lucent, business development, and participating in numerous standards activities. While at Broadband Forum she helped create and launch TR-069, served as BroadbandHome Technical Working Group Chair, served on the board, and oversaw collaborative activities with ATIS, 3GPP, OSGi, ITU-T, OMA, IETF, Small Cell Forum, UPnP Forum, Home Gateway Initiative, and other groups. She received her master’s degree in English Literature from the University of Texas, Austin.)*
