Delivering Triple Play Services over vCPE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Virtual customer premise equipment (vCPE) promises greater service agility, lower cost, and faster time to market for business and residential deployments. While the industry adopts the architecture of simple vCPE with services in the cloud, the key to vCPE is not only for Internet connectivity, but delivery of rich media services such as triple play and Internet of Things (IoT) that allow carriers to monetize existing and new services quickly. In this talk, principal architects will share considerations in designing virtual infrastructure to deliver current services with extensibility to add new services. We’ll discuss virtual networks, service function chaining, virtual network functions (VNFs), OpenStack clouds, business support systems / operations support systems in reference architectures that help any carrier deploy triple play with video, voice, data, and IoT.Join us to learn design considerations, architectural models and options, and gaps in today’s current solutions


* **Sharad Ahlawat** *(Sharad Ahlawat is the senior director of engineering at PLUMGrid. He has 20 years of data networking, security, deep packet inspection, classification, and SDN technology experience.)*

* **Azhar Sayeed** *(Azhar is currently at Red Hat Inc., as a Chief Architect driving their Service Provider Architectures and solutions with Openstack, SDN, NFV and DC orchestration. Azhar has more than 25 years of experience in the networking and communications industry that includes development, design, installation and management of complex networks involving multiple technologies and products. Prior to Red Hat, Azhar is a 17 year veteran of Cisco Systems Inc. His last responsibility there was a Sr. Director of Solutions Engineering. Azhar was responsible for developing System Architectures, developing and delivering Cloud based solutions. Azhar has also actively contributed to the industry adoption cutting edge technologies. He is an active participant and a contributor to industry forums and standards bodies. His interests are in the area of Cloud Architectures, Openstack, SDN, virtualization, Data Center Networking and Mobile Networks.  Azhar is the co-author of a book “MPLS and Next-Generation Networks: Foundations for NGN and Enterprise Virtualization” with Monique Morrow. Azhar has 9 patents in the space of Network protocols and several published papers.)*
