Delivering Composable NFV Services for Business, Residential, and Mobile Edge with OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Service edge routers, also known as provider edge (PE) routers, deliver business, residential, and mobile subscriber services with functions that include broadband network gateway (BNG), BGP/MPLS VPNs, and evolved packet cores. With the advent of NFV, many of these services can be disaggregated and provided through modular virtual network functions with service function chaining which offers far greater flexibility to compose, deploy, and automate services rapidly on x86 based servers. Service providers are exploring methods to bridge the service edge and cloud paradigms together to achieve the best of both worlds. In this session, the speakers will provide some background on service edge routing and discuss architectures that could help service providers with options in evolving the service edge routing architecture to achieve the agility of cloud and service richness of edge routers.  


* **Sharad Ahlawat** *(Sharad Ahlawat is the senior director of engineering at PLUMGrid. He has 20 years of data networking, security, deep packet inspection, classification, and SDN technology experience.)*

* **Ian Hood** *(High impact, results oriented professional with excellent technical and communications skills, business acumen, and team leadership. Experience in product and business strategy, global product launches, economic analysis, solutions marketing, and systems engineering.  Led the development and delivery of multiple software and hardware solutions, each of them generating market share growth and hundreds of millions to billions in revenue. Deep technical and business knowledge of Video, Mobile Internet, Carrier Ethernet, and Cloud-based networking architectures that span both Service Provider and Enterprise markets. Led many global product launches driving billions in incremental revenues.Comprehensive hardware and software technology depth across many domains including Carrier Ethernet, Mobile / Wireless, Security, Video, Software Defined Networks (SDN), Virtualization, Cloud-Based / Managed Services, Routing, and Optical Transport.)*
