Linux Foundation and OpenStack: How the New Open Networking Stack is transforming the industry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The networking industry is in the midst of a massive transformation, similar to the server market of two decades ago, and open source (and OpenStack)  are at the heart of this shift. Bringing together cloud computing and IT capabilities to network providers through solutions like Network Functions Virtualization (NFV), open source collaboration across the stack enables organizations to deliver new and better services faster. Together with OpenStack, The Linux Foundation is ushering in this transformation via the intersection across OpenStack and LF projects such as Open-O, Cloud Foundry Foundation, OpenDaylight, OPNFV, and ONOS, FD.io and others. In this presentation, OpenDaylight Senior Technical Director Phil Robb will discuss how the diverse capabilities--such as agile programmability, interoperability and modularity, virtualization and cloud, and flexible orchestration--of different open source projects across disciplines are coming together to transform the network.


* **Phillip Robb** *(Phil Robb is senior technical director for OpenDaylight, an open source platform for SDN and NFV. Phil is a widely respected expert in the area of open source strategy, business impact, and governance. He is frequently asked to speak at international technology and business events and he has been consulted by policy makers including the European Commission, and the United States Department of Justice as well as numerous high technology trade organizations. Prior to joining the OpenDaylight, Phil was the director of HP’s Open Source Program Office where he had responsibility for HP’s corporate open source strategy, engagement with the open source community, oversight of the Open Source Review Board, and a variety of software development projects. Phil was focused on open source at HP from 2001 through 2012. Prior to HP, Phil held senior management and technical positions at Critical Path, Fisher Scientific, Motorola and Honeywell-Bull focused on wireless, and wire-line high speed telecommunications software and services. Phil holds a bachelor of science degree in Management Information Systems from Bowling Green State University and performed graduate studies in Computer Science at Colorado State University.)*
