Telco grade OpenStack deployment using containers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Many of today’s Operators have successfully rolled out virtualized OpenStack to build their private clouds.  This approach offers a standard way to deploy and manage OpenStack to support different size of clouds and workloads. The next logical step forward is to use container technology to achieve additional optimization in footprint, availability and operations while deploying OpenStack for large private clouds. More specifically, the use of Kubernetes for a container framework to deploy OpenStack is of interest to many Operators and vendors alike. This presentation will focus on the challenges as well as the lessons learned from an effort to stand up OpenStack in Kubernetes based container framework with additional features such as policy, security, networking etc. We will also share our vision and requirements for building an OpenStack cloud that can scale from two bare metal hosts on up, using container orchestration principles to more effectively manage large and diverse clouds.


* **Gnanavelkandan Kathirvel** *(Gnanavelkandan Kathirvel is a Lead Principal-Technical Architect at AT&T working on Cloud Strategy, Cloud Architecture and Network function Virtualization (NFV). Previously, Kandan led the architecture work to support Cloud convergence, building external cloud and Content Delivery network (CDN) for AT&T. He is currently focused on AT&T’s “Domain 2.0” initiative to virtualize large portions of AT&T Network services infrastructure on top of a common OpenStack based Cloud. )*

* **Jonathan King** *(To be added.)*

* **Randall DeFauw** *(Randy DeFauw is Director of Cloud Solutions at Mirantis.  He has 15 years of experience in technology, ranging from software development to consulting to marketing and product management.  He spent several years working on DevOps and CI/CD process and automation, and most recently worked on replication infrastructure for large-scale Hadoop deployments.)*

* **Haseeb Akhtar** *(20+ years of experience spanned across various roles within the research and product development of telecommunication systems, with a special concentration on wireless and packet based networks. In depth knowledge of IETF (TCP/UDP, IP, LDAP, SIP, SNMP, RTP/RTCP, IPSec, Mobile IP, Radius/Diameter etc.), wireless (TDMA, CDPD, CDMA, 1XRTT, GPRS, UMTS, WiMAX, LTE, 802.11x based WLAN etc.) and wireline (ANSI-41, ATM, ISUP, MEGACO/MGCP, PRI, SS7, TDM etc.) protocols. Always held key positions and led highly competent technical teams to come up with state-of-the art solution. Filed over 60 patents (to date, 36 of them have been granted by US, Australia and European patent authorities), authored several IETF documents (co-authored RFC 4283, contributed in RFCs 3344, 3588 and 3846 and co-authored other IETF drafts). Also authored conference papers and chapters in books on 3G/4G wireless networks.Specialties: Application driven End-to-End Solution Architecture, Performance of Applications and Services, Translation of Business Drivers into Technical Requirements, Technical Validation and Development of Business Cases.)*
