Lessons learned from the field: Tips and tricks for NFV in OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Telecommunications companies around the world have typically used physical hardware to accommodate traditional call flows in the wireless world. With the introduction of OpenStack and network functions virtualization (NFV) into the telecommunications enterprise, there are endless possibilities for consolidation of hardware, reduction of overhead, automation of deployment, and other desirable goals in the age of cloud computing. In this session we will present some of these possibilities, along with challenges and lessons learned as we look to design future solutions. Discussion topics include: -Is OpenStack ready for carrier grade networks? (uptime, call reliability, 911 applications, etc.) -Call flows and the difficulties that they present -Why packet size and IPv6 are important and challenging -The challenges in orchestration and automation that exist in the telco enterprise -Environment testing and validation with Rally and Tempest -NFV application onboarding difficulties


* **Ryan Wyse** *(Ryan Wyse is a member of the North American Cloud Practice at Red Hat where he is working daily to deploy OpenStack to support NFV solutions.   His main background is in designing, developing, and administering multiplatform, clustered, software-defined, and cloud environments. Ryan previously worked as an OpenStack and HPC Administrator for the University of Minnesota's SuperComputing Institute. He also led a team of systems administrators in delivering services supporting research, cluster usage, OpenStack based solutions, and providing highly available computing resources including storage to campus.)*

* **Jonathan Jozwiak** *(Jon Jozwiak is a Sr. Cloud Solutions Architect at Red Hat.  His focus is on helping customers develop innovative cloud solutions based on OpenStack and Red Hat's cloud portfolio.  Jon has spent several years consulting with OpenStack and was involved in developing the cloud practice within Red Hat's consulting organization.  Previous to that Jon's background has been working for large enterprises focused initially on Unix/Linux infrastructure, virtualization, and then cloud. )*
