NFV Bakeoff - Take Two
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Join a high powered panel of NFV experts to see for yourselves what the major networking vendors are doing to create cutting edge services in a virtualized network world. NFV (Network Functions Virtualization) technology has evolved rapidly since 2010 when it was first proposed by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute; in no small part to the OpenStack community’s active support and development efforts.   It is rapidly gaining acceptance in the data center and telecom industries as the hottest technological transformation that allows companies to virtualize networks to cut administrative overhead and increase the flexibility of their network services.  Join some of leading NFV vendors including Brocade, Nokia, Cisco and Juniper as we discuss the reality and challenges of bringing NFV into large scale networks.  


* **Bob Haddleton** *(Bob Haddleton is the Innovation Team Lead and a Cloud Solutions Architect in the Applications & Analytics business unit at Nokia, where he works to develop cloud-based solutions. Bob has over 28 years of experience in telecommunications software, 3G/4G wireless, and networking.  He joined the Cloud Innovation Center in 2013 and set to work using his extensive telecommunications software/networking and wireless knowledge to demonstrate how network functions can be virtualized and provide higher levels of reliability at lower costs.  He is a core reviewer for the Tacker, TOSCA Parser and Heat Translator projects, and is interested in the issues that surround deploying/configuring/monitoring/maintaining complex VNFs and Network Services.)*

* **Sridhar Ramaswamy** *(Sridhar Ramaswamy works as a Principal Engineer in Brocade’s Software Networking division. Sridhar is the PTL for OpenStack Tacker project building NFV Orchestrator solutions within OpenStack tent. Previously Sridhar contributed to OpenStack Neutron projects. Sridhar is also a Container enthusiast and tinkers solutions in the Container Orchestration space. Previously Sridhar worked as Sr. Technical Leader in Cisco Systems in wide variety of areas including LXC Container based application management and CSR1000V Virtual Router.)*

* **Christopher Young** *(Christopher Young is a Sr Consulting Engineer with Juniper Networks currently working with Service Provider customers to build OpenStack virtualized Data Centers. Primarily focused on levaraging IP Fabrics and Network Virtualization Overlays in order to internetwork high performance VNFs with legacy physical external service provider networks.)*

* **Beth Cohen** *(Beth is a Cloud Networking Product Manager at Verizon, working on developing new cloud products and services. She is also President, Luth Computer Specialists, an independent consultancy specializing in cloud focused solutions to help enterprises leverage the efficiencies of cloud architectures and technologies. Previously, Ms. Cohen was a Senior Cloud Architect with Cloud Technology Partners and the Director of Engineering IT for BBN Corporation, where she was involved with the initial development of the Internet, working on some of the hottest networking and web technology protocols in their infancy. She has been involved in the OpenStack community since the 2010 Boston Summit, when she took the first OpenStack training class ever delivered.  She then helped architect some of the earliest large deployments in the world, writing the documentation and designing the architectures as she went.  That is how she came to help write the OpenStack Architecture Design Guide, to smooth the path for others so they would not break their heads on the rocks along the path.  She continues to be active in the OpenStack Community with the Telco Working Group and Women of OpenStack.)*
