Open Networking in Action: SDN and NFV + OpenStack and Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

SDN and NFV are fast becoming de facto industry standards as networks become more virtualized and agile among a rapidly evolving ecosystem. In this panel discussion, networking experts from across leading open source networking organizations -- as well as large telco providers, including AT&T-- will break down the current state of open networking as whole, with particular focus on how NFV and SDN integrate with OpenStack and the Cloud. Learn how these components fit together across disciplines with OpenStack at the center among a diverse set of real-world use cases and applications. The group will discuss recent trends (including AT&T’s recently open-sourced ECOMP), current challenges, how things have changed over the past year and recent months, what is currently in motion, and predictions on where the market is heading.


* **Neela Jacques** *(A 20-year veteran of the tech industry, Neela Jacques brings a wealth of business, product and open source experience to the role of Executive Director for OpenDaylight. He has taken OpenDaylight from a nascent project whose future was doubted by many to a vibrant, growing open source community that is quickly becoming the de facto standard industry platform. He helped grow VMware’s Virtualization and Cloud business launching multiple multi-million dollar products and initiatives, and consulted CEOs and CIOs on product strategy and M&A as a Bain & Co. Consultant. He is an advisor and board member for startups, a frequent writer for leading publications and dynamic public speaker.  )*

* **Heather Kirksey** *(As the director, Heather Kirksey works with the OPNFV community to advance the adoption and implementation of open source NFV platform. She oversees and provides guidance for all aspects of the project, from technology to community and marketing and reports to OPNFV board of directors. Most recently Kirksey led strategic technology alliances for MongoDB. Earlier in her career she held various leadership positions in the telecom industry including running a partner program for CPE, doing solutions marketing for the IP Division at Alcatel-Lucent, business development, and participating in numerous standards activities. While at Broadband Forum she helped create and launch TR-069, served as BroadbandHome Technical Working Group Chair, served on the board, and oversaw collaborative activities with ATIS, 3GPP, OSGi, ITU-T, OMA, IETF, Small Cell Forum, UPnP Forum, Home Gateway Initiative, and other groups. She received her master’s degree in English Literature from the University of Texas, Austin.)*

* **Bryan Sullivan** *(With 33 years experience in the telecom industry, Bryan has served in a wide variety of development, architecture, and standards roles for digital switching platforms, mobility data services, and web services.  Currently focused on open source strategy related to NFV/SDN, Bryan is an OPNFV TSC member, and leads a team engaged in open source through OPNFV and various upstream communities.)*

* **Jonathan Bryce** *(Jonathan Bryce, who has spent his career building the cloud, is Executive Director of the OpenStack Foundation. Previously he was a founder of The Rackspace Cloud. He started his career working as a web developer for Rackspace, and during his tenure, he and co-worker Todd Morey had a vision to build a sophisticated web hosting environment where users and businesses alike could turn to design, develop and deploy their ideal web site – all without being responsible for procuring the technology, installing it or making sure it is built to be always available. This vision became The Rackspace Cloud. Since then he has been a major driver of OpenStack, the open source cloud software initiative.)*

* **Christopher Price** *(Chris leads open source industry collaboration for Ericsson in the areas of NFV, Cloud & SDN from the CTO’s office in Sweden and is an active member of the technical steering comitee’s of the OpenDaylight and OPNFV Projects. Chris’ experiences include leading Ericssons' IP&Broadband network architecture and standardization teams with a rich history in development of systems and technology in the areas of network management, policy control and user service management, user session control plane solutions, and DPI technologies.)*
