Blockchain and OpenStack - Building Trusted Chains
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Financial organisations are currently looking with great interest at Blockchain databases. This is the same technology behind most crypto-currencies including bitcoin. The goal of Blockchain is to maintain a timestamped, immutable, continually growing list of records. Each block can hold batches of transactions and the results of any blockchain executables.OpenStack lends itself perfectly to the OpenStack platform for hosting as well as potentially providing solutions to some governance challenges such as those being addressed by the Congress Project.This talk will examine the architecture and profile of a blockchain application hosted on OpenStack, examine the challenges and the requirements that still need to be met as well look at what can already be achieved. Finally we will look at how this technology might provide governance solutions to cloud tenants within the platform and dovetail with the work going on in the Congress project and some potential benefits of this union.


* **Glyn Bowden** *(Glyn Bowden is the Chief Technologist for HPE's open source Cloud Consulting organisation in EMEA. He specialises in enterprise cloud, data center transformation, shared infrastructure and using IT services to enable business. He has over 15 years experience designing and implementing cloud solutions both with vendors and multi-national end user organisations.)*

* **Eric LAJOIE** *(Eric Lajoie is a OpenStack & NFV Architecture Consultant for HP Professional Services (PS) – Helion OpenStack, Germany. In his current capacity, Eric is responsible for end to end solution design, be it IPv6, EPC, or virtualization solutions. His key interests and achievements are in design and implementation of carrier grade Helion OpenStack solutions as well as integration with SDN, EPC, LTE, VoLTE, Femto, M2M, VMware, and all flavors of Linux including RHEL, Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, and Gentoo. He is responsible for solution, design, service implementation and assessments related to service providers environments. Joined HP Enterprise in December 1st 2014 10 Years of SP Industry Experience in Networks and Telecommunication Solutions. Projects thus far: Telefonica UNICA OpenStack and NFV Project including Nuage/DCN Joined Cisco in September 2005 till end of November 2014 Projects while at Cisco: vGi-LAN virtualization proof of concept in Germany EPC field support and enablement in Japan EPC solution design in France IPv6 M2M design & implementation in UK Team Lead for Cisco's first EPC Pilot Projects in Norway IPv6 Assessment lead in Nigeria implemented IPv6 technologies CSG2 with DPI and GGSN optimization and design in USA Femto Design & Implementation in USA. CSFB Integration with Mavenir IWF in Düsseldorf Germany Industry Recognized Certifications: BS in Electrical Engineering CCNA, CCNP, CCDA, CCDP, CCIP VCA-DCV Wireless# Programming for Everybody (Python) by University of Michigan on Coursera)*
