Big Data Reference Architecture for Enterprise
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This presentation is a result of a joint collaboration effort in the Enterprise Working Group compiling Enterprise Workload Reference Architectures. There is a growing demand for Enterprise IT department to provide Hadoop as a Service in on-premises environment. In this session we present a reference architecture of Hadoop workload that runs on top of OpenStack that can be used to build Big Data applications. We compile a list of necessary technical components which are derived from real world Hadoop architectures. This includes basic technology components like network layouts for Hadoop cluster (such as separation of enterprise, data and management LANs), the design and placement of different Hadoop node types, and installation procedures with or without local repositories. Different characteristic workloads such as batch, stream and predictive analytics are also included in the architecture discussion.


* **Peter Dr. Meitz** *(In the IT-Business since the mid 90th Technical background in Java Development, Database Design (Oracle, MSSQL), DW, Middleware Technology, OpenSource - Linux, Hadoop, Openstack and other! Employee of Computacenter since 1999 in different positions. 2011 Solution Manager and Solution Architect for Big Data Technology - Technical Leader for the Big Data Business of Computacenter in Germany - Design and Implementation of Big Data Solutions (focus Hadoop) - Design Big Data Openstack Solutions 2005 Senior Consultant with the focus on architecture Database and DW Solutions - Design of Database and DW Solution for our Enterprise and Global Accounts)*

* **Thomas Bludau** *(Thomas Bludau loves and lives with Open Source Software after his first steps with it in the last late century. With his decision to make his hobby to his job he had until today insight into a lot of open source technologies obtained. His primary topics are automatical Linux Deployments in Enterprise environments (f.e. SAP HANA or Hadoop with RedHat and SUSE), OpenStack, Configurations and Systemmanagement and High Availibility with Open Source tools. OpenSource Solution Architect Technology focus on Redhat, SUSE, OpenStack, Hadoop Certifications amongst others: Red Hat Certified Architect / RHCA  Red Hat Certified System Administrator in Red Hat Openstack Employee of: Since 2011  - OpenSource Solution Architect - Computacenter AG & co oHG November 2005 – Dezember 2010 - Linux Senior Consultant - Gonicus GmbH)*
