Hadoop on Openstack Cloud: The Elephant can fly!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Traditionally Hadoop is deployed on physical servers located on customer premise. This trend is changing with the advancements of cloud technology. A cloud deployment offers the ability to conveniently scale the cluster as needed. Multi-tenancy is also a big advantage when it comes to facilitating multiple users on the same physical hardware. Furthermore, a cloud deployment, coupled with multi-tenancy, is greatly complimented by the resources and security segregation. Each tenant has full control over their resources without incurring any risk to the resources managed by the other tenants. Join us and learn how Hadoop can be deployed on an Openstack cloud using the Openstack Sahara project. The presentation will also show how an Openstack cloud can be optimized to get the performance of a Big Data workload on the Cloud to match as closely as possible that on a bare-metal configuration.


* **Nicholas Wakou** *(Nicholas Wakou is a Principal Performance Engineer with the Dell Revolutionary Cloud and Big Data Solutions team. Nicholas's role, interest and activity is focused on the characterization and optimization of the performance of Dell Cloud and Big Data solutions. Nicholas has been involved and is engaged with Industry efforts to define performance benchmark specifications. He is active on the SPEC (www.spec.org) Cloud committee and several committees of the TPC (www.tpc.org).  Nicholas represents Dell on the Board of Directors of the TPC and on its Technical Advisory Board (TAB). Previously, he was Chair of the TPC Public Relations standing committee. Nicholas has an MS. Electrical Engineering from Oklahoma State University, MS. Microelectronics Technology from Middlesex University, London and a BSc. Electrical Engineering from Makerere University, Kampala, Uganda.)*

* **arkady kanevsky** *(Arkady has been a member of OpenStack since Grizzly. He is director of engineering leading a team of developers responsible for development of Dell OpenStack solutions.  Arkady has PhD. in CS from UIUC.  He straddled academic, research, architect, developer, and product owner roles.  Arkady roles included  but not limited to, research publications and Program committee member for various conferences like FAST (https://www.usenix.org/legacy/events/fast11/organizers.html), Chair or board member  of several standard activities, like DAT (http://www.datcollaborative.org),  OpenFabric (https://www.openfabrics.org/index.php) and MPI-RT (http://www.cse.msstate.edu/~yogi/dandass-mpirt-2004.pdf) to product delivery, like EMC Atmos, Dell OpenStack solutions among others.   Arkady is passionate advocate of OpenStack and making its usage easier for users and administrators. He concentrates efforts of his team on extending OpenStack capabilities for enterprise use cases, from automatic deployment, and robustness, to HA, upgrade, extensibility and validation.)*

* **Micheal Woodside** *(Michael is a Senior Manager with the Dell Open Source Solutions team.)*
