Almost everything you need to know about provider networks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Though the primary use case of OpenStack cloud is to create instances to tenant private networks and access them using floating IPs from external networks, there have been a lot of use cases to create instances directly to an external network to connect it to an existing network, especially for NFV. In this talk, you’ll get answers to the following questions and more: What are provider networks? What are the different types of provider networks (like flat and vlan) and what are their use cases? How do you configure provider networks to create instances directly to it and satisfy floating IP use cases? How do you enable access to Nova metadata service for cloud-init while instances are added to provider networks? How do instances communicate directly to external networks using provider networks? How do you troubleshoot problems related with provider networks?


* **Sadique Puthen** *(I am passionate about building, designing and supporting Infrastructure for workloads, especially Cloud IaaS, using open source technologies, primarily concentrating on Openstack and Virtualization with good knowledge of core Red Hat Enterprise Linux, clustering, storage and networking. Experienced in designing and building Infrastructure (Network, Storage, Operating Systems, etc) for complex applications and workloads for their entire life cycle from development, test cycles, production deployment, and post production monitoring and support of the infrastructure. Area of Expertise, - Cloud IaaS implementation, design and support using Openstack.- Virtualization RHEV, VMware and etc- Skilled in Virtualization and cloud with continuous working experience starting with RHEL/CentOS + Xen/UML back in 2003, RHEL+ KVM, RHEV, VMware, HyperV and Openstack.- Designing and supporting Networking, storage and High Availability solutions.- Expert level knowledge on Linux, especially Red Hat Enterprise Linux.)*
