How software defined networking promises simplifying your life
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The demand for and consumption of Internet services and resources is growing. These are times in which software running on connected intelligent devices is replacing stand alone, single purpose hardware. Traditional networking is under the pressure from a new technology evolution: hardware can run faster but software can adapt faster. The networking data plane can be separated from the forwarding data plane and move to centralized, software-orientated configuration and datacenter management without relying on proprietary technologies. We know OpenStack is a popular cloud solution, but it is not the only solution out there and not all applications are prepared for running on an OpenStack infrastructure. To be able to offer integrated solutions, we need to use smart network technologies to interconnect those solutions. In large and hybrid data centers we need to be able to control and respond as fast as possible, with the minimum error percentage or exposition to the human factor.


* **Federico Ressi** *(I am born in 1979 near Parma (Italy) where I studied as Software Engineer and where I worked for a small company as C++ software developer writing applications for video streaming over TCP/IP and video rentering in real-time. I then moved to Spain where I got most of my working experiences in the aerospace industry. Most notable projects was related to fluid dynamic simulation (Python), geo-localization using signals relaied from Galileo and GPS satellites (C) and supervision software for civil airports (Java). I also lived for short periods in France, the Netherlands and Englad as Python software consultant working on militar and scientific sofware. In the year 2015 I joined Intel in Ireland and I joined OpenStack community as opens source developer. My focus areas are mostly OpenStack networking-odl plugin and DevStack (some bug fixing). You can have a look at most of my open source contributions on my GitHub page: https://github.com/FedericoRessi  )*

* **Alvaro Soto** *(I was born in Chile in a little town call Linares in 1983, but living in Mexico City since 2003. I'am a system engineer with a complete knowledge designing and implementing secure, high availability architectures thinking in availability, scalability, reliability as a primary focus. Also enjoy writing code to integrate closed API (vmware, netapp, etc) with OpenSource frameworks, and to develop helper scripts from Ceph rbd and librados mainly in Python and perl sometimes. Nowadays fully focused in cloud solutions (healthy disengagement between non cloud to cloud solutions) and architectures using OpenStack and Ceph. https://github.com/alsotoes http://headup.ws)*

* **Erick Maqueda** *(Netwoking Professional and SDx enthusiast, with wide experience on several networking technologies and vendors like Cisco, Arista, Juniper and Brocade.)*
