ODL/OpenContrail Integration with OpenStack, the Pain the Gain and the lessons learnt
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack without SDN Controller is like life without Tapas (You would understand if you’ve been to Barcelona). In the dreamland everything works seamlessly. You want ODL to sing with your OpenStack or you would like to see OpenContrail dance with it, your choice, it will just work. But, you have to take up the daunting journey of “integration”, which is not as pleasant and straight forward as one might think. In this presentation, we’ll detail steps to integrate SDN Controller with your OpenStack, what are challenges and how we solved them. Join us to learn how and what to do and more importantly, what not to do. Ask us your questions, share your comments and let us help share the story of our journey with those who are undertaking it now to make it easier for them what was a rather an “interesting” experience. Leave the session on a high note of believing that we’ll make your OpenStack sing and dance with your choice of SDN Controller (ODL or OpenContrail). 


* **Sohail Arham** *(As a member of the Cloud Platform, CSI EP team, I’m currently focused on design and integration of Cloud solutions based on Ericsson Cloud System (ECM, CEE), OpenStack and VMware to enable private/public clouds. I am responsible to performs different VNF virtualization and on boarding of VNFs on cloud environments. Working with Tier-1 operator to orchestrate and instantiation of different VNF function on their cloud.   Design, Implementation, Testing and Deployment of VMware/Openstack Infrastructure for Internal Development team. Supporting number of pre-sales/post-sales as an SME on Cloud technologies like VNF/Network Orchestration, VNF deployments on 3PP Cloud, VNF certification and characterization for customers in North America.)*

* **Syed Moneeb Javed** *(Been in Telecommunications Industry for about 8 years. Was involved in Telecom network integration, design and managed services.   Currently working in Ericsson Cloud Design Team and helping with putting together Demo’s and PoC for various global engagements. Experience in CDN and Media Sreaming has got me into Edge Cloud Services and have started working with OpenStack community in Meghdwar and lokking to present the lessons learned as a joint comunity efrorts with colleagues from competing venodors.)*

* **Konstantin Komaristy** *(Telecommunications Industry veteran. Been with Ericsson for 18 years in various roles touching different aspects of development, maintenance and life cycle of Telecom Technologies. Currently working as System Integrator in Ericsson Cloud Design Team and involved in multiple projects around Cloud Networking, Compute and Storage. Is a technology enthusiast and an advocate of Open Source Technologies.)*
