Cliff's Notes for adding flavor support to L3
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Cloud operators deploying OpenStack today can only select a single monolithic L3 plugin. This presents a problem when attempting to virtualize infrastructure across multiple networking platforms: the cloud operator must either choose a plugin that supports a reference implementation (e.g. namespace routers, DVR, etc), or one that supports a vendor's implementation. A proposal to use the flavor-db framework to allow multiple drivers for L3 is a step towards addressing this limitation. This talk describes a framework in use for several releases with some of the same concepts proposed by the flavor-db L3 framework. It explains how the architecture enables multiple driver implementations, highlights some of the challenges and solutions for maintaining the L3 abstraction across a heterogeneous infrastructure, and demonstrates how benefits such as improved support and scaling can be realized by such a framework.


* **Thomas Bachman** *(Thomas Bachman is a Technical Lead at Cisco Systems, Inc., and works in their Noiro Networks group implementing Policy in the Open Source domain. He is currently working on supporting policy in OpenStack across multi-hypervisor environments, and is a also committer on the OpenDaylight Group Based Policy project. Thomas has over 20 years of experience developing software, 15 of it specifically in networking and communications. He has worked for Juniper Networks and several startups in the Wireless and Cable access markets, and previously architected and developed high speed communications solutions for COTS FPGA boards and systems. Thomas holds a B.S.E.E. from the University of Washington.)*

* **Kent Wu** *(Kent Wu is a Technical Lead at Cisco Systems, Inc., and works in their Noiro Networks group implementing Policy in the Open Source domain. He is currently working on supporting policy in OpenStack across multi-hypervisor environments. Kent has over 15 years of experience developing software, mainly in security and networking area. He has worked for Symantec, TrendMicro, BlueCoat and a startup in the security field. Kent holds a Master degree of Computer Science from National Taiwan University.)*

* **Robert Kukura** *(I am a Principal Engineer in Cisco's Noiro Networks group, working on OpenStack Neutron and other open source projects. My current focuses are Neutron's ML2 core plugin and Group Based Policy. I've contributed to OpenStack since joining Red Hat in late 2011, and have served as a core reviewer in the Neutron project. Throughout my career developing distributed systems, ranging from digitial audio processors to large defense systems, I've been a strong advocate of and contibutor to open standards and open source.)*
