Enabling advanced L7 Load Balancing in Kubernetes with OpenStack Kuryr
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Load balancing is not the same in Kubernetes as in OpenStack. Kubernetes LB focuses on L4, especially for E-W traffic, with automatic backend management and affinity guarantees. OpenStack LB is comparatively more focused on N-S traffic, elasticity, and choice of different vendors for advanced capabilities. OpenStack LB also plays nice with L4 and L7 security, port mirroring, and QoS. Avi Networks and Midokura have combined the best of both approaches, leveraging OpenStack Kuryr and Neutron to implement overlay networking for Kubernetes This allows Midokura to automatically deploy and configure Avi Networks’ load-balancer Pods via LBaaS APIs, triggered by creation of Kubernetes Service templates and Pods. Avi Networks’ load balancer is a drop-in replacement for KubeProxy, preserving its advantages (affinity, no traffic trombones) while delivering high-performance SSL and real-time application monitoring. Kuryr programs security policies in Neutron based on Kubernetes templates.


* **Shashi Sastry** *(Shashi heads Product Management and Strategy for Midokura, a company that focuses on Overay networking and microsegmentation at scale. Shashi has 17+ years of experience in the networking industry and has held a wide range of roles starting as a software developer at Cisco (embedded systems, IKE/IPSEC, GETVPN), Customer Advocacy Engineer, and Technical Marketing Engineer (both at Cisco and Aruba Networks). The few years she spent in Cisco's Customer Advocacy group in Europe makes her a strong advocate for the customer. She has experience working in several startups including Vyatta (acquired by Brocade), Nuage Networks, and now Midokura. Shashi's main areas of focus are Virtualization, Cloud technologies, performance, virtualized data center architectures, and Network Function Virtualization, and scalability. )*

* **Praveen Yalagandula** *(Praveen Yalagandula is the OpenStack Architect at Avi Networks, responsible for designing and developing the integration of Avi Networks’ Cloud Application Delivery Platform with OpenStack infrastructure services. At Avi, Praveen also leads the application performance visibility component of the Avi’s solution and has developed a scalable and distributed log analytics system. Prior to Avi, Praveen was a Principal Scientist at HP Labs in Palo Alto, where he spent 8 years exploring several aspects of data center networks, software defined networking, and large-scale distributed systems. Praveen received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Texas at Austin in 2005. He is currently a senior member of IEEE and ACM.)*
