What does it take to integrate Octavia with a Container Orchestration Engine. What is it good for?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Elastic containerized services rely on Load Balancing (LB) functionality to be implicitly provided by the platform. In k8s, kube-proxy acts an implicit distributed LB but its capabilities are limited to L2-L3 and cannot be easily extended beyond this. At the same time, OpenStack Octavia allows deploying multiple function-rich LB nodes in several different topology configurations and to expose it as a service through industry standard LBaaSv2 API. In this talk, we explore the possibilities whereby Octavia and k8s can be mutually beneficial and demonstrate several integration scenarios: Octavia as a service in k8s clouds interconnected by Neutron networks through the Kuryr integration layer; Octavia LB between a service tier implemented by VMs and a service tier implemented by k8s containers; Openstack with lightweight containerized Octavia service deployed over k8s. We demonstrate how the proposed solution is enabled by several SDN-based Neutron backends, namely Midonet and OVN.


* **Katherine Barabash** *(Kathy is a manager and a technical leader of the Cloud Networking Group in IBM Haifa Research Lab and one of the inventors of the IBM's overlay network virtualization solution. Kathy is with IBM Research since 1997, contributing to different system research areas. Since 2007, Kathy is actively involved in cloud and data centre network virtualization research, basing on OpenStack Neutron since about 2011.)*

* **Irena Berezovsky** *(Irena Berezovsky is a Senior Architect for Midokura. She is responsible for driving open source MidoNet compatibility across all the OpenStack projects.  An active contributor to Neutron and Nova for several releases, her noteworthy contributions to the open source community include introducing SR-IOV support into Openstack and related OSS projects like SFC, Kuryr, tricircle. Her specialties include distributed systems, open source, embedded and network management software design and architecture. Before her current position at the Midokura CTO team, Irena worked at Mellanox Data Center Solutions group, leading Mellanox product strategy and innovative technology SDN oriented integrations as well as leading Mellanox strategy for integration with OpenStack. In the past, Mrs. Irena Berezovsky led architecture and product strategy for Voltaire and Nokia Siemens Network. Mrs. Irena Berezovsky holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering and Economics from the Tel Aviv University)*
