Delivering Openstack NFV Service Chaining at Scale with Networking-SFC and Networking-OVN
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The ability to dynamically create and modify service chains of multiple virtual network functions (VNF) is a critical component enabling the deployment of NFV. Until recently this ability has required add-on SDN controllers with third party neutron plugins, resulting in a patchwork of solutions. The Openstack networking-sfc has created a standard service chaining interface and an extensible driver model to enable different networking technologies to provide service chaining and flow classification. The networking-ovn project, which everages the OVN enhancements in OpenVSwitch, has introduced a new highly scalable networking infrastructure for Openstack. The combination of these Openstack projects will enable the delivery of advanced service chaining use cases.This presentation will show how advanced service chaining use cases can be delivered at scale by using these new Openstack components.   


* **Cathy Zhang** *(Cathy is currently a principal architect/engineer working on Network Virtualization, Cloud service, and SDN technologies at Huawei Technology USA. Her expertise includes L2/L3 Networking, HA Infrastructure, Network Virtualization, SDN, and Cloud Computing. She is the author of the OpenStack Neutron Service Chain API and Data Model Specification and is currently leading the service chain project development in the OpenStack community. Besides OpenStack, Cathy is also an active contributor to the service chain work in IETF, Openflow, ETSI NFV, OPNFV organizations. She won the "Outstanding Technical Contributor" award from Open Network Foundation and is one of the authors of the Openflow L4-L7 Service Chaining Architecture and API specification. She is a contributor to the IETF Service Chain Data Plane Working Specification. She is also the project lead of the VNF Forwarding Graph project in the OPNFV community. Cathy has a Ph.D. degree in Computing Engineering and has multiple patents.)*

* **John McDowall** *(John McDowall is SDN/Virtualization Architect at Palo Alto Networks where he is working on the dynamic insertion of security policy into virtual environments and clouds. Currently he has been actively contributing to Openstack Service Function Chaining, Openstack Neutron-OVN and OVS/OVN to enable service function chaining. Previously he was at Cisco where he developed the programmable network architecture that played a key role in Cisco’s SDN strategy, which he presented to large customers and internally. He has presented to industry forums on web services, security, and SAAS. John has an MSc from UC Berkeley and a BSc from University of Glasgow.BD)*

* **Na Zhu** *(Na Zhu is a senior cloud networking services developer in IBM China Software Development Lab, she has rich experience in networking design and develop including tranditional network, network virtualization, SDN/NFV and cloud computing network.  )*
