Speed and Reliability: How to Achieve both for OpenStack Networking
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Single Root IO Virtualization (SR-IOV) enables cloud applications direct access to the server’s I/O hardware to achieve maximum network performance and efficiency. It does so through PCIe extension to virtualize a Physical Function (PF) into multiple Virtual Functions (VF). While OpenStack does support SR-IOV ports, there is no easy way to support VF high availability because it gives no control to user on how VFs will be distributed across PFs. In this presentation, we will introduce a way to achieve network high availability by exposing multiple VFs inside a guest, and utilizing them in various ways to achieve VF protection and failure recovery. For example, one way is bonding the VFs. Having multiple VFs/PFs does not protect the guest from switch failure. Two PFs can be connected to the same switch. Thus, we introduce a way to indicate the need to allocate VFs from PFs that are connected to different switches (thus partially circumventing the Shared Risk Link Group phenomenon).


* **Moshe Levi** *(Moshe Levi acts as a Cloud Solutions Engineer at Mellanox Technologies. Leading the Mellanox integration with OpenStack, in which puts contribution to OpenStack projects, including Neutron and Nova, at the field of Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) and Openstack high performance features deployments. Before his current position at the Cloud solutions team, Mr. Levi worked at Mellanox SW management teams, with developing large scale networking projects and SDN oriented POCs.)*

* **Tal  Anker ** *(Tal Anker, PhD, is leading the Cloud architecture in Mellanox. Prior to joining Mellanox, Dr. Anker served in various positions in the IT industry, among which are CTO and director of system and software architecture for Marvell Software Solutions, and Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer at Sensogo. Dr Anker has over 20 years of experience in Data Networking and Distributed Systems. He has an extensive research background and has patented numerous technology solutions in network security, distributed systems/algorithms, and real-time operating systems. Dr. Anker holds a Bachelor, Masters, and Doctorate degree in Computer Science From the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. )*
