Design and Performance Characteristics of Tap-as-a-Service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Tap-as-a-Service is an OpenStack project designed to give tenants and service providers a safe and reliable means of monitoring the traffic flowing in their Neutron provisioned virtual networks, via the attachment of virtual taps that do not require any modifications to their instances. Following a short overview of the project, this presentation will explain the TaaS service-plugin and TaaS agent/driver designs and show how they facilitate the implementation of vendor and platform specific extensions. Recent enhancements to the API for supporting asynchronous behavior will also be covered. A discussion on the need for isolating production and mirrored traffic in the physical (underlay) network will follow, during which we will outline the techniques we are pursuing to realize this. Next, an in-depth performance analysis of TaaS will be provided using different operating modes, platforms and workloads. We will conclude by mentioning some of the planned enhancements for the future.


* **Anil Rao** *(Anil Rao is a Distinguished Engineer at Gigamon, leading research and development activities related to virtual machine traffic monitoring. Previously, he worked at Hewlett Packard, VMware and Ericsson. Some of his past accomplishments include implementing Memory Resource Groups in the HP-UX kernel and developing the memory scheduler for the ESX hypervisor. More recently, he was responsible for the inception of the router virtualization effort at Ericsson and served as the principal architect for the project. Anil’s research interests include operating systems, distributed computing, virtual machine technology and software defined networking. He holds a BTech in Computer Engineering from National Institute of Technology, Karnataka and an MS in Computer Science and Engineering from the University of Connecticut.)*

* **Kazuhiro Suzuki** *(Kazuhiro Suzuki is a researcher at Fujitsu Laboratories Ltd. He is interested in the areas of parallel and distributed systems, software defined network, and virtual machine technology. Previously, he contributed to Xen hypervisor community for 4 years. Currently, he is contributing to Tap-as-a-Service project that is a subproject of Neutron.)*

* **Reedip  Banerjee** *(  - Developer with primary contributions in : a) Python-NeutronClient b) Tap-as-a-service c) Neutron Advanced services( LBaaS, FWaaS, VPNaaS) d) Neutron e) Network related issues in Horizon  - Total Experience in software domain of 7 years. - Working with NEC Technologies India for the past 4 years. - Working in Openstack for the past 7 months.)*
