OpenStack in Reference Implementation for Next Generation Network Services
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Open source and open standards are coming together to maximize the pace and relevance of both. The MEF, with its 125+ service provider member community, is defining Lifecycle Service Orchestration (LSO) with APIs enabling dynamic network services for the digital economy and hyper-connected world, providing an on-demand, cloud-connected, secure, and assured experience. The MEF provides a practical evolution toward interconnected, orchestrated, and automated networks powered by LSO, SDN, and NFV. This talk briefly describes the Third Network vision, the LSO architecture, and how it dynamically delivers high value Carrier Ethernet (CE 2.0) services enhanced with L4-L7 VNF-based services. It also explains how open source projects, including OpenStack, OpenDaylight, and OPNFV are being enhanced and applied to create a reference implementation of this architecture.  


* **Charles Eckel** *(Charles is a developer evangelist in Cisco DevNet with a passion for open source software and open standards. His journey with open source began in 1999 as a founding member of Vovida Networks where he developed some of the industry's first open source Voice over IP (VoIP) protocol stacks and applications. Now at Cisco, Charles has become a recognized champion of open standards, open source, and interoperability. He runs the Open Source Dev Center, which focuses on Cisco’s major open source contributions, use, and community engagements, including OpenStack, OpenDaylight, and OPNFV. Last year, he successfully introduced open source hackathons into IETF and MEF, revolutionizing the way these SDOs operate and uniting open source software with open standards to maximize the pace and relevance of both. Charles speaks regularly at CiscoLive and has also been a speaker at previous OpenStack, RedHat, LinuxCon, and MPLS SDN NFV World Congress events.)*
