Flexible SR-IOV Passthrough and VirtIO-relay Based Acceleration on an Open vSwitch Compute Node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This session will demonstrate a setup merging SR-IOV passthrough, a virtio relay system and Open vSwitch offloading rules to an intelligent server adapter, or SmartNIC. This combines two separate technologies into one solution, providing performance and power savings not possible using a pure software Open vSwitch. Standard Open vSwitch requires extra processing on the hypervisor. SR-IOV passthrough on most NICs allow only simple flat networks and prevents VM live migration. Flow rules can be offloaded to a SmartNIC, saving processing cycles on the hypervisor and supporting complex network types. A virtio relay provides an efficient interface between an SR-IOV device using vhost-user, allowing VM live migration. OpenStack Nova and Neutron make a number of assumptions about SR-IOV and Open vSwitch based networking solutions. This session will demonstrate how, with a slight change in perspective, multiple networking solutions can be presented in a unified interface.


* **Jan Gutter** *(Jan Gutter has been an Embedded Networking Software Engineer at Netronome for the last two years and has been working with networking and Linux since 2000. He's an incredibly curious person and enjoys figuring out how things operate. He loves figuring out how to make something new work together with something old.)*

* **Jan Scheurich** *(Jan has been working with Ericsson for most of his professional career with various networking products, such as Mobile Soft-switch and Packet Core. Since 2011 Jan is part of Ericsson's System and Technology organization working with Software-defined Networking in general and in the context of Network Function Virtualization infrastructure (NFV-I) and Cloud in particular. In this role Jan has been developing in-house SDN Controller and high-performance OpenFlow vSwitch before moving on to building SDN solutions based on the open-source projects OpenStack, OpenDaylight and Open vSwitch. Jan's focus areas are scalable system architectures and their characteristics such as performance and resiliency.)*
