Is the classic infrastructure policy approach future-ready for networking?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The classic approach to infrastructure policy is imperative associating a specific feature to a HW/SW component. This talk deabtes the viability of the classic approach and describes a declarative, capability-driven approach independent of a specific HW/SW component. The implementation of this approach is in progress in the OpenStack Nova scheduler [1]. The key benefits of this novel approach to the Nova administrator are simplified Nova Flavor policies and a future-proof path to managing a multi-vendor heterogeneous infrastructure [2] while preserving backward compatibility to the current imperative approach. Use cases discussed for this novel approach involve networking features like mirroring, overlays, service chaining etc. which are available through vSwitch, NIC or ToR. Ref: [1] “Capability Standardization,” https://review.openstack.org/#/c/341341/  [2] “IETF Infrastrcuture Policy,” https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-irtf-nfvrg-policy-based-resource-management/


* **Ramki Krishnan** *(Ramki has over 20 years of proven industry experience in the areas of Networking, High Performance Switching and System Management. He has over 10 years of experience in Standards Development and Leadership, Research Leadership and Managerial role. He has previous startup experience.  He combines deep technology understanding with strategic thinking to bring customer-winning products and solutions to reality with a direct impact on revenue generation. His expertise includes a wide range of technologies and market trends, including: Networking Protocols (BGP etc.), SDN, NFV, SDS, SDI, Cloud, Security, Open source (OpenStack, OpenDaylight, OSM, and OPNFV etc.), Intel Processors, Servers, Storage, Agile and DevOps, REST, YAML, IPMI, Redfish etc. He is a recognized innovator with 19 US patents and 8 IEEE conference papers including a best paper award. He is a thought leadership speaker in key conferences such as ONS, OpenStack, OpenDaylight, NFV World Congress etc. He is a leader and active participant in several research and standards organizations such as IRTF, IETF and ETSI NFV etc. )*

* **Joseph Gasparakis** *(Joseph is a software architect working for Intel. He was born in Athens, Greece but he left in 1996 and lived for many years in United Kingdom where he studied and worked in the telecoms and enterprise industry. In 2008 he got hired by Intel, his current employer where he focused on packet processing performance with multicore systems and other software optimizations including VXLAN offloads in the Linux kernel for network interfaces. In 2011 he moved to Portland, Oregon and focused on Software Defined Networking (SDN) and Network Functions Virtualization (NFV). He played a key role in shaping Intel's Open Networking Platform and he also got involved in OPNFV, both of which are Reference Architectures that integrate open source components including OpenStack. Joseph has a strong interest on data plane performance and how orchestration is affecting it. He is married with two kids, Nicolas and Kallie, who happily take most of his time when he is not working on networking optimizations or writing patents or practicing Shotokan karate. LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseph-gasparakis-5618985  )*

* **Arun Yerra** *(Part of Dell Advanced Engineering Team building NFV solutions with openstack as NFVI.)*
