Real-World Experiences with Virtual Edge Routers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Participants attending this session will engage in discussion with industry experts who have real-world experience evaluating, deploying and maintaining virtual routers.  These experts will proivide real world insight into market requirment driving adoption, common use cases, interoperability findings, challenges, technical evolution and business benefits associated with virtual routing in service provider networks. 


* **Carsten Rossenhövel ** *(Carsten Rossenhoevel is Managing Director of EANTC AG (European Advanced Networking Test Center), an independent test lab in Berlin, Germany. EANTC offers vendor-neutral network testservices for network equipment manufacturers,service providers, and enterprises. In this role, Carsten is responsible for EANTC's business development and marketing. Carsten has over 20 years of experience in telecommunication networks and testing. His technical areas of expertise include Multi Protocol Label Switching (MPLS), Carrier Ethernet, Triple Play, and Mobile Backhaul. Carsten is one of the co-founders of EANTC AG. Before joining EANTC, he studied computer science at the Technical University of Berlin and worked as a software engineer, as well as consultant in the financial services and media sector.)*

* **Paul Obsitnik** *(Paul Obsitnik is Vice President of Service Provider and Enterprise Marketing for Juniper Networks, responsible for the marketing of Juniper’s portfolio of high performance routing, switching, and data center fabric products to Service Providers globally. Paul's team is responsible for marketing strategy, product marketing, go-to-market planning, and competitive analysis worldwide for the Service Provider segment. Obsitnik has extensive experience in marketing, sales and business development positions with a proven track record in creating technology markets. He has served in senior marketing and sales management positions at several companies including BridgeWave Communications, ONI Systems, NorthPoint Communications and 3Com. Paul holds a Bachelor of Science with Honors in Electrical Engineering from the United States Naval Academy and a Master of Business Administration from the Harvard Graduate School of Business. Obsitnik is based in Sunnyvale, California.)*
