OSIC Enables the SDN Sale: Testing MidoNet with Neutron at Scale
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

We know that adoption of OpenStack and SDN has lagged expectations. This is in part due to the lack of SLAs and performance benchmarks demanded by large customers. Developing these benchmarks requires access to large-scale clusters - not easily available to the community or to startups.   The OpenStack Innovation Center (OSIC) solves this problem by providing OpenStack vendors with access to large datacenters to stimulate the generation of performance, scalability and reliability results necessary for SDN selling.   We present our experience testing open-source MidoNet networking virtualization with OpenStack Neutron at scale (132 servers) in the OSIC lab. We discuss: Implementation details of the physical deployment and virtual topology The rationale behind our choice of tests Benchmarks obtained Finally, we summarize the results for network performance and the strengths of MidoNet as a network virtualization solution, especially its resilience against failovers.


* **Lucas Eznarriaga** *(I'm currently working as QA Engineer at Midokura in the Software Acceptance team. Previously, I worked as a Consultant Engineer at Altran Spain and as a Research Assistant at Institute IMDEA Networks investigating in the field of wireless networks. I hold a degree in Telecommunications Engineering and an MSc in Telematics Engineering from Universidad Carlos III de Madrid. In the year of 2010, I took on an internship funded by the European Erasmus Placement Program at the Deutsche Telekom Laboratories in Berlin.)*

* **Antonio Ojea** *(Antonio Ojea is the QA team leader for Midokura. He was graduated Telecommunications Engineer by Vigo University (Spain) in 2002. He worked as a engineer specialist in networks, security and Linux systems in a Regional Telecommunications Company for more than 10 years. He participated in his spare time with several security reseach groups to fight malware and other network threats. He took advantage of the opportunity offered by Midokura to join the company in 2015 to apply his real-life, in-the-trenches bussiness experience to help to make midonet more robust, performant and scalable.)*
