Fast and Flexible: Accelerated P4/C and Open vSwitch Datapaths for OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Virtual switches are typically deployed in OpenStack managed cloud datacenter servers to act as overlay on/off-ramps, implement micro-segmentation (security groups) or otherwise process and forward packets. These virtual switches can implement the behavior required by an existing standard (for example Open vSwitch implements OpenFlow compliant switching), or implement the semantics directly expressed using a program (potentially written in a domain specific language like P4). A hybrid approach is also possible, whereby portions of the behavior conform to a standard, and other portions are implemented in modules expressed in P4 or C. This presentation compares these approaches, considering aspects like the expressiveness and performance of the resulting datapath as well how these datapath variants can be integrated into OpenStack. It furthermore considers the additional implications of accelerating the datapaths using SmartNICs, again considering the implications for OpenStack.


* **Johann Tönsing** *(Johann is a recognized industry expert in SDN, Linux-based networking technologies, network virtualization, security, and NFV. Johann has been an active contributing member and has been nominated to leadership roles in multiple standards bodies related to SDN and NFV. As Netronome’s Chief Architect, Johann leads all aspects of Netronome’s product design and development, with an emphasis on advanced and open server-based networking technologies. He has a Masters of Engineering degree in Electronics and holds several patents in the networking, security and virtualization fields.)*

* **Ben Mack-Crane** *(Ben Mack-Crane is a Principal Architect at Corsa Technology focusing on high performance applications of pure SDN using open protocols. Ben has experience with automated control across a broad spectrum of network technologies, from optical to packet and L0 through L7. He has been involved in behavioral specification and modeling of a wide variety of network elements over his career including packet switches and routers, transport systems, cable telephony, flexible multiplexers, and telephone switches. His current focus is on SDN and virtualization. Ben has been instrumental in numerous standards development efforts, including work in the ONF, MEF, IEEE, ITU, IETF, OIF, and ATIS.)*
