Multi-site Neutron federation using OpenDaylight with direct host to host cross site connectivity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Multi-site OpenStack proposals to-date require network gateways to connect the sites weather L2 Gateway or VPN. In the presented solution for multi-site neutron federation inter site connectivity is achieved by allowing direct tunneled connectivity between compute hosts on different sites eliminating the Gateway bottleneck.This solution is based on federated OpenDaylight (ODL) controllers acting as the Neutron driver in all sites. Each site has an independent local ODL cluster and the clusters communicate with each other using a distributed mapping service. By leveraging OpenFlow and OVS-DPDK 100Gb L2 and L3 networking performance is achieved even across sites. Sites may be geographically remote or partitions on a single data center.Cross site network models are defined by a cross site manager which communicates over standard Neutron API with the Neutron service instances in different sites.The entire solution demonstrated is an open source implementation upstreamed in the ODL project


* **Ariel Noy** *(Ariel Noy, CTO, HPE ConteXtream Ariel Noy is responsible for setting the technical direction and architecture for HPE ConteXtream, a business unit of Communications Solution Business. Ariel co-founded ConteXtream and served as CTO for 9 years. Prior to ConteXtream, he was a technical leader at Cisco Systems, which he joined as a result of its acquisition of Sheer Networks, where he was a co-founder CTO and VP Engineering for 6 years. Prior to this, he led the architecture and design of a large-scale network management project at 3Com. Ariel holds a B.S. in Math and Computer Science from Tel Aviv University.    )*

* **Sam Hague** *(Sam Hague is the Project Technical Lead for the OpenDaylight OVSDB project and Senior Principal Engineer in the Office of Technology at Red Hat, Inc. Sam's most significant contributions to OpenDaylight concern the network virtualization provider and OVSDB MD-SAL southbound plugin as well as service function chaining and the neutron northbound. Previous experience includes leading the software development at Extreme Networks adding OpenFlow to their line of switches and a variety of technologies at Cisco Systems from creating the first SIP IP phones to adding Bluetooth and VPN capabilities to mobile routers to implementing H.264/AVC video conferencing on Android-based tablets. (https://www.linkedin.com/in/samhague))*

* **Gideon Kaempfer** *(Gideon is a serial entrepreneur bringing with him 25 years of experience in Telecom networking, routing, hardware and software system design and development. Before joining HPE, Gideon held senior architect or CTO positions at Contextream, Xring Technologies, Axxana, Expand Networks, FlowInspect, SilverKite and Charlotte’s Web Networks. Gideon is a member of the OpenDaylight Technical Steering Committee (TSC). He has an MSc in Computer Science from the Technion - Israeli Institute of Technology.)*
