networking-vpp: a simple open source networking driver for Neutron
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Vector Packet Processing (VPP) is a standalone open source user space stack designed to move packets around lightning fast. We have written a lightweight mechanism driver for Neutron to bring the advantages of VPP to OpenStack. This project complements the OPNFV FDS project with VPP and ODL/Honeycomb - networking-vpp targets simplicity, and ODL provides a fully extensible control plane for adding more complex network control.


* **Vincent JARDIN** *(Vincent Jardin is 6WIND's CTO. He is responsible to lead the architectures and developments for high performance packet processing. He co-founded the Quagga project, the open source project for routing, and remains one of its main contributors. He also helped found DPDK.org, an open source community that enables high performance network applications such as Network Functions Virtualization (NFV). Vincent has a strong knowledge on the packet processing technologies.)*

* **Ian Wells** *(An OpenStack developer and user since the Essex release, Ian works on the internals of Openstack, on applications to run on top of Openstack, and on making Openstack easy for people to use.  His current focus is in NFV, the work to use Openstack to provide virtual network functions in an OpenStack cloud for use in telco networks - a balancing act to get maximum performance from a cloud infrastructure while running mission critical network intensive workloads.)*

* **Jérôme Tollet** *(Jerome is Distinguished Engineer working in the Cisco Chief Technical and Architecture Office (CTAO) with a specific focus on Datacenter / Container Networking, Policy and Security. Jerome has extensive experience of computer systems and network architectures, and strong technical expertise gained from more than 16 years designing and implementing networking solutions. Before being at CTAO, during the last 5 years, Jerome was driving SDN & NFV initiatives for a company he founded 16 years ago, and was CTO of. He has been participating and contributing to the Open Networking Foundation (ONF), ETSI Industry Specification Group on NFV, IETF Service Function Chaining (SFC) Working Group and various open source initiatives including OpenDayLight, OpenStack and OpenVirtualSwitch. He holds several patents and obtained his Master’s degree in Computer Science from a joint degree program at Pierre and Marie Curie - Paris 6 University, and ENST Paris. Jerome is a frequent speaker at international conferences.)*
