Extending MPLS VPN network to Openstack.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack is a powerful cloud computing platform used to build public and private clouds. Enterprise and service provider operators are taking advantage of OpenStack to drive new business models. While most access to OpenStack workloads relies on the public Internet – there are times when private connections are needed. MPLS is a mature, well-understood transport technology in use today. Service providers who offer MPLS services may be interested in offering their own OpenStack platforms or connecting to other Openstack cloud providers. This type of inter-connectivity brings up questions. How do I connect MPLS VPNs to OpenStack projects? Can this connectivity be completely automated? What factors should I consider? This session will provide an example of how to develop automation to connect Openstack projects to service provider MPLS networks using REST APIs and NCS (Tail-F). The goal is to share an example and lessons learned so that participants may have a reference for future use.


* **Tim Petrisko** *(Tim Petrisko first joined Cisco in 1999 to work for Cisco Advanced Services. Tim   is Currently Technical Lead Software Engineer for Cisco Cloud Services for over 2 Years. Tim is one of the lead developers for a wan automation system, which brings OpenStack and MPLS routing together. In 2001 he was assigned to large service provider to lead multiple projects deploying CRS, ASR, IRS, 6500 and Nexus platforms, solutions consisting of MPLS, Routing, LAN and Wan switching Technologies. Tim was also the Primary engineer responsible for the designing of a large service provider, to migrate their data centers, call centers, and retail outlets from their ATM Network to their CRS MPLS core network. Tim has also provided technical and design assistance at CiscoLive2010 - Technical Solutions Clinic Booths for both Switching and BGP. In his spare time, Tim enjoys spending time with his wife and daughter. Tim also enjoys going on cruises with his friends and family.)*

* **Aundra Browning** *(Andre Browning, CCIE No. 21901, is currently an Architect in Cisco’s Cloud Infrastructure Services group, focusing on designing edge connectivity for Cisco Cloud. He holds a BS in Computer Science with over 18 years of experience in the field of networking – working with clients such as stock exchanges, service providers, and several large global investment banks. His area of work centers on creating innovative ways to connect people to emerging cloud technologies such as OpenStack & Kubernetes. Prior to Cisco, Andre spent time working at large service providers & universities – he currently resides in the Raleigh, NC area where he enjoys spending time with family.)*

* **Faisal Azizullah** *(Faisal Azizullah is a Technical Leader Engineering in the Cloud Infrastructure Services (CIS) group at Cisco Systems and a frequent contributor to opensource projects. He has been in the cloud solutions industry for the past 7 years and specializes in SDN and Cloud orchestration. Faisal has filed 50+ patents and is involved in innovating new solutions for Cloud connectivity. He is currently involved in a WAN automation solution at Cisco. In his spare time, Faisal enjoys spending time with his family and is an enthusiastic beekeeper.)*

* **Omar Ansari** *(Omer is a seasoned Cloud Services leader at Cisco. He is responsible for Engineering at Cisco Cloud Services in support of the large-scale production of SaaS assets across key federation partners worldwide. He has overseen SDN solutions built by integrating the best of breed Cisco technologies with Opensource platforms including Openstack, next-gen XaaS revenue-generating features such as MPLS Private Link (WAN Automation), Analytics-based Load Balancer as-a-Service, VPN as-a-Service and ACI integration into Openstack, provisioned IOPS based storage to name a few. In his spare time, Omer loves to swim.)*
