Subnet Service Types - Addressing the Public IP Address consumption problem with Neutron routers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In Neutron, each router with an interface on the external network consumesan IP address from the subnet configured on it. These IP addresses aretypically Internet-routable, and in most deployments are a scarceresource. When running with Distributed Virtual Routing (DVR) enabled,additional IP allocations are done for each compute node, which canquickly increase the number of addresses required into the thousands. A new concept is being introduced in Neutron to allow a subnet to belabelled with a "service type", such that IP allocations for routerports can use subnets that do not contain Internet-routable addresses,leading to a substantial decrease in usage. In this session we will describe what a Subnet Service Type is, howthey can be used in a large-scale deployment to reduce Public IP Addressconsumption, and do a short demo on the new commands and usage.


* **Brian Haley** *(Brian Haley is a core contributor to OpenStack Neutron, primarily focused in the L3 and DVR areas, but has particular interests in both IPv6 and cloud security.  He has been working on OpenStack since 2011, first on Nova Networking and later on Neutron.  His background is in kernel networking, both UNIX and Linux, mainly focusing on performance, scalability and IPv6 features over the past 20 years.  Brian currently works in HPE Cloud, developing and supporting HPE Helion OpenStack.)*

* **Carl Baldwin** *(Carl Baldwin is a regular contributor Openstack's Neutron project and has been a core reviewer since 2014. He is the Neutron L3 Lieutenant. He started his career developing electronic design automation software with HP’s microprocessor design projects: PA-RISC and Itanium. Years later, he spent a short time on a few of HP's network attached storage products. He was drawn to computer networking. He consistently stepped outside his purview to weigh in on office networking issues as well as to provide expertise to the network design in the products. In January, 2013, he got the opportunity to meet HP's new Neutron team in Fort Collins. He soon hired on to the team and has been enjoying it ever since. He is fascinated by network virtualization in the cloud. Carl lives in Fort Collins, Colorado with his wife Emily, two daughters, and a son. He loves to run, hike, swim, mountain bike, and plays disc golf and volleyball. Otherwise, his hobbies look a lot like his work: writing software and tinkering with networking.)*

* **John Davidge** *(John is a Program Specialist at Rackspace, and has been working with the OpenStack community since 2012. Starting with network visualization tools - Curvature & Donabe - he now works on IPv6 networking functionality in Neutron.)*
