Network Trunking in OpenStack Neutron: Architecture and Design Challenges
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Typically a Neutron port maps to a virtual interface as presented by hypervisors to a virtual instance, or bare metal instance in physical infrastructures. This clearly limits the amount of Neutron networks that an instance can access at any given time. The Neutron trunk feature overcomes this limitation by allowing OpenStack instances to access hundreds or thousands of Neutron networks from a single Neutron port. In this session you will learn about the proposed API, the architecture and challenges faced during the development of this feature in relation to the Open vSwitch and the Linux Bridge implementations available in Neutron.


* **Rawlin Peters** *(Rawlin started as a software engineering intern on the (formerly known as) HP Cloud Neutron team during his junior year at Colorado State University - go Rams! Since graduating with his B.S. in Computer Science, he's been working as a full-time Openstack Neutron Engineer on the (now) HPE Cloud Neutron team for the Helion OpenStack (HOS) product. Most of his time on the Neutron team thus far has been spent downstream on Helion OpenStack, but he's recently been given the opportunity during the Newton cycle to work upstream on the new Trunk Port (vlan-aware VMs) feature. This has helped him learn a lot more about Neutron and allowed him to dive deeper into upstream. He hopes to continue this trend in the future. Outside of working on Neutron and HOS, Rawlin enjoys snowboarding, driving through the mountains, and riding motorcycles.)*

* **Ryan Tidwell** *(Ryan Tidwell is a contributor to the OpenStack Neutron project and has been deploying and tinkering with OpenStack in various roles since the Diablo release of OpenStack.  Ryan has been working at HP (now Hewlett packard Enterprise) since 2008.  He is well-versed in developing manageability tools for systems administrators and OpenStack operators, building SDN controllers and applications, and currently contributes to OpenStack's Neutron project.  Raised in Northern Colorado, Ryan has a B.S. and M.S. in computer science from Colorado State University and the University of Colorado respectively.  He currently resides with his family in Roseville, CA.)*

* **Bence Romsics** *(Bence Romsics has spent the last decade in the technology industry, first operating then engineering and developing software. He has a keen interest in distributed systems, software architecture and scaling. He has worked two years on tooling for a large-scale virtualization platform, another three working with OpenStack networking. Today he is working on finding ways to match the needs of the telecommunications sector with the ever developing offerings of cloud systems.)*
