Deployment of OpenStack Group Based Policy with Cisco ACI/APIC/ASA FW, and F5 LB in FSI
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This use-case illustrates the integration of the GBP of OpenStack integrated with ACI/APIC, ASA FW, and F5 LB and demonstrates the benefits of ACI with OpenStack GBP and L4-7 Network services offloaded to ASA FW and F5 LB. The major enhancements implemented in this use-case include, but not limited to: Implemented an improved UI for automating networks provision in OpenStack. The conventional network structure are replaced with Network Containers, Network Security Domains, Application Profile Rules and Rule Sets, and L2/L3 Networks. Extended L4-7 external connectivity with integrating ASA FW and F5 LB. Implemented firewall service based on ASA FW, achieving FW rules management and external network and network group management. Implemented LBaaS based on F5 LB, achieving LBaaS policy configuration on F5 LB. This user-case demonstrated OpenStack integrated with a closed-loop network solution based on Cisco ACI/APIC/N9K, ASA FW and F5 LB is ready for FSI production environment.


* **Larry Jiang** *(Larry Jiang is the Founder and CEO of KeyTone Cloud, a leading OpenStack-based cloud computing technology provider and a hosted hybrid cloud service provider. In early 2014, KeyTone Cloud completed Series-A funding co-led by Gobi Partners and CBC, and followed by a strategic investment from Cisco Investments. Prior to founding KeyTone Cloud in early 2014, Dr. Jiang was the Vice President of Shanda Grand Cloud from Jan, 2012 to April, 2014, responsible for all aspects of technical operations, including network & datacenter operations, infrastructure engineering, and cloud operation management systems/tools development. Before his tenure at Shanda Grand Cloud, Dr. Jiang spent 16 years at various high-tech companies in Silicon Valley in US, and held software development, cloud service infrastructure design and deployment, and executive management positions at Siemens-Pyramid, BroadVision, Lucent, WebEx, and Cisco. Dr. Jiang has extensive experiences in scalable, reliable and highly-available Cloud Computing infrastructure and SaaS application design, development, deployment and operations. Dr. Jiang holds B. Eng. and M. Eng. degrees from Tianjin University, China and a PhD degree from the University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada.)*
