Extending OVS on Hyper-V with your own neutron plugin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Discover in this session how OpenvSwitch on Hyper-V can be extended with the Neutron plugin from Nuage Networks.  We will review how the Hyper-V OVS drivers are implemented, what progress has been made during the Newton release cycle, and what performance you can expect. Neutron's default networking implementation can be extended with other plugins, and so we will also discuss how Nuage Networks has taken up this challenge. The session will conclude with a demonstration of what such integration looks like and how distributed routing is done across Hyper-V, KVM and Bare Metals.    


* **Jonas Vermeulen** *(Jonas Vermeulen is Product Manager of Nuage Networks for the EMEA Region. In this position, he works with cloud service providers and large enterprises discussing network virtualization and overlay technologies for their datacenters. He covers the topic at various levels, ranging from business propositions to deep technical solution specifics, and enables a healthy feedback loop between customers and engineering.Prior to joining Nuage Networks, Jonas Vermeulen was an IPTV Senior Network Architect in Singapore and Technical Project Manager in New Zealand. In his free time he enjoys cycling, running, hiking and all kinds of other outdoor sports.    )*

* **Octavian Ciuhandu** *(Octavian Ciuhandu is the COO of Cloudbase Solutions, a company focused on cloud computing interoperability, based in Timisoara, Romania.Octavian is a young entrepreneur that started his own business in 2004, right after graduating a research M.Sc. in DCU, Dublin, Ireland. He has over 20 years of experience with Microsoft and Linux platforms, network management and security. Proficiency in designing applications for scalability and availability is ensured following his research masters area of expertise. Since 2012, focusing on Openstack, integrating Openstack and Windows, and especially on deploying and running Openstack CIs for Microsoft Windows. In his free time, Octavian enjoys off-road driving and skiing. Cloudbase Solutions provides integration between OpenStack and Windows, including the Hyper-V Nova Compute driver and Cloudbase-Init (Cloud-Init for Windows).)*

* **Arnaud Lheureux** *(Arnaud Lheureux is a regional Architect for Cloud Networking at Nuage Networks. After 10 years at Microsoft as datacenter architect and evangelist supporting Microsoft top account in EMEA, Arnaud joined Nuage Networks to help big organization as they adopt SDN in their infrastructure. Regular speaker and trainer at Microsoft and other industry events, Arnaud has been speaking about OpenStack and evangelizing interoperability of datacenter solutions for years.)*
