Sharing Your Driveway With Neighbours The OpenStack Way
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack provides many technologies to ensure your applications are protected from noisy neighbours using all their CPU.  We explore how to achieve the same thing for networking. This talk will explore partitioning network resources with OpenStack and how it complements the significant progress that is being made on partitioning compute resources with Enhanced Platform Awareness. The following will be covered: How to run applications to get dedicated compute resources The current state-of-art on network scheduling and bandwidth management from a tenant perspective Where this needs to go to provide dedicated network resources How both the compute and network infrastructure contribute to the solution space How fabric management is a necessary component of a cohesive solution We will report on our experiments to date, and identify areas where we can extend OpenStack to better address network isolation.


* **Adrian Hoban** *(Adrian Hoban is a Principal Engineer in Intel's Data Center Solutions Group and the Technical Steering Committee chair for the Open Source MANO project. In Intel he is the system architect responsible for orchestration of Software Defined Networking and Network Function Virtualisation and leads the Intel team on OpenStack contributions in this area. He specialises in open source software such as OpenStack, Linux, Open vSwitch, KVM, QEMU and libvirt. Adrian is also active in standards initiatives such as ETSI-NFV.  In OpenStack Adrian set the architectural direction for the Intel contributors on areas such as PCIe passthrough, SR-IOV, Enhanced Platform Awareness for NUMA, Huge Pages, CPU pinning, and thread policy, OVS with DPDK enablement, and Security Groups. He has a particular interest in extensions that relate to using OpenStack to facilitate high performance application deployments and infrastructure utilisation. )*

* **Ian Wells** *(An OpenStack developer and user since the Essex release, Ian works on the internals of Openstack, on applications to run on top of Openstack, and on making Openstack easy for people to use.  His current focus is in NFV, the work to use Openstack to provide virtual network functions in an OpenStack cloud for use in telco networks - a balancing act to get maximum performance from a cloud infrastructure while running mission critical network intensive workloads.)*
