Scaling Up OpenStack Networking with Routed Networks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this presentation, we will introduce Neutron's Routed Networks functionality which was added during the Newton cycle. Routed Networks rely on a layer 3 architecture that routes traffic to small segments of the network to achieve scale. This approach serves well deployments where large scale is a paramount requirement and users just need a set of VMs with IP addresses. Routed Networks showcases how technology can be simplified and scaled, two goals that are often difficult to meet together. We hope to inspire architectural decisions that eliminate unnecessary complexity and complicated user experiences. This presentation will include a live demo.


* **Miguel Lavalle** *(Miguel Lavalle is a regular contributor to Openstack's Neutron project. Over the past 4 years, he has made contributions to the L3 agent, Tempest testing of Neutron, integration of Neutron, Nova and Designate and more recently, during the Newton cycle, participated in the development and testing of Routed Networks . He is a member of the Neutron L3 sub-team, where he performs duties as "bugs czar". At IBM, he is a member of the Linux Technology Center development team, focused on contributing code to the Neutron project. Miguel lives in San Antonio, TX, with his wife Beatriz and their Beagle Toto. He is an avid gliders pilot, having accumulated more than 700 hours of flight time, most of them in cross country tasks in his Jantar Standard 3. When not coding or flying, he enjoys swimming and yoga.)*

* **Carl Baldwin** *(Carl Baldwin is a regular contributor Openstack's Neutron project and has been a core reviewer since 2014. He is the Neutron L3 Lieutenant. He started his career developing electronic design automation software with HP’s microprocessor design projects: PA-RISC and Itanium. Years later, he spent a short time on a few of HP's network attached storage products. He was drawn to computer networking. He consistently stepped outside his purview to weigh in on office networking issues as well as to provide expertise to the network design in the products. In January, 2013, he got the opportunity to meet HP's new Neutron team in Fort Collins. He soon hired on to the team and has been enjoying it ever since. He is fascinated by network virtualization in the cloud. Carl lives in Fort Collins, Colorado with his wife Emily, two daughters, and a son. He loves to run, hike, swim, mountain bike, and plays disc golf and volleyball. Otherwise, his hobbies look a lot like his work: writing software and tinkering with networking.)*
