OVN - Moving into Production
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OVN is a network virtualization project that brings virtual networking to the Open vSwitch user community and is the latest iteration of Open vSwitch integration for OpenStack.  It is an open source project being developed by the core OVS development community, which includes large-scale network operators.  In this talk, we will cover the state of OVN with a focus on the newest features and improvements that help make OVN ready for production usage.  Topics include performance and scale improvements, L3 gateways, and more.


* **Russell Bryant** *(Russell is the Technical Director for OpenStack at Red Hat, Inc.  He is on the OpenStack Technical Committee (since Fall 2012) and served on the OpenStack Foundation Board of Directors from January 2015 to June 2016.  Russell has been contributing to the development of OpenStack since the Fall of 2011.  His most significant contributions around OpenStack have been to Nova and most recently Neutron and OVN. Prior to working for Red Hat, Russell spent 7 years (2004 - 2011) working for Digium on the Asterisk project. In the later years, Russell was the leader of the Asterisk project as well as the Engineering Manager for Asterisk development at Digium. Russell is also a published author.  Russell co-authored "Asterisk: The Definitive Guide" and "Asterisk Cookbook", published by O'Reilly Media.  He also contributed a chapter on Asterisk to the book "Architecture of Open Source Applications". Russell graduated from Clemson University with a Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering in the Fall of 2006.  He currently resides in Charleston, South Carolina.)*

* **Ben Pfaff** *(Ben Pfaff is a lead developer of the Open vSwitch project and led the development effort of the OpenFlow reference implementation. He was a founding employee at Nicira and is currently at VMware. He received his PhD from Stanford University in 2007. Ben has worked in free and open source software projects, including Debian and GNU, for over 20 years. Ben is a Senior Member of ACM and a Fellow of the Open Networking Foundation.)*

* **Justin Pettit** *(Justin Pettit is an engineer at VMware's Networking & Security BU. Justin joined VMware through Nicira acquisition and was a founding employee at Nicira Networks. He was one of the original authors of the OpenFlow Standard, working on both the specification and reference implementation. Justin was an early developer of the NOX OpenFlow controller platform. He is one of the lead developers of Open vSwitch and involved in the development of VMware's other products. Prior to Nicira, Justin worked at three successful startups focused on network security. While completing his Master’s degree in Computer Science at Stanford, he worked on research that became the basis for the OpenFlow Standard and software-defined networking.)*
