Troubleshooting Cloud Networking Like a Pro 2.0
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Room got filled quickly and there was a big lineup outside our presentation room in Austin. That’s when we realized the need for continuation of our Cloud Networking Troubleshooting. This is phase 2 of our Presentation + Demo. Here we will share our best practices for troubleshooting, with practical examples from real world scenarios: DPDK SR-IOV OVS – Deep Dive First we’ll go over the challenges in troubleshooting DPDK/SR-IOV/OVS (Integrated with DPDK). Then we’ll show how to find your troubleshooting rhythm in the chaotic world of cloud networking. Lastly, as we did in Austin, we’ll show you how do Pros, fix their cloud networks. Embrace yourself for a bumpy ride with a promise of a happy ending.    Whether you are beginner or advanced, if you are struggling much with networking in your cloud, join us to learn new solutions or just to bring home a good troubleshooting guide


* **Sohail Arham** *(As a member of the Cloud Platform, CSI EP team, I’m currently focused on design and integration of Cloud solutions based on Ericsson Cloud System (ECM, CEE), OpenStack and VMware to enable private/public clouds. I am responsible to performs different VNF virtualization and on boarding of VNFs on cloud environments. Working with Tier-1 operator to orchestrate and instantiation of different VNF function on their cloud.   Design, Implementation, Testing and Deployment of VMware/Openstack Infrastructure for Internal Development team. Supporting number of pre-sales/post-sales as an SME on Cloud technologies like VNF/Network Orchestration, VNF deployments on 3PP Cloud, VNF certification and characterization for customers in North America.)*

* **Syed Moneeb Javed** *(Been in Telecommunications Industry for about 8 years. Was involved in Telecom network integration, design and managed services.   Currently working in Ericsson Cloud Design Team and helping with putting together Demo’s and PoC for various global engagements. Experience in CDN and Media Sreaming has got me into Edge Cloud Services and have started working with OpenStack community in Meghdwar and lokking to present the lessons learned as a joint comunity efrorts with colleagues from competing venodors.)*

* **Konstantin Komaristy** *(Telecommunications Industry veteran. Been with Ericsson for 18 years in various roles touching different aspects of development, maintenance and life cycle of Telecom Technologies. Currently working as System Integrator in Ericsson Cloud Design Team and involved in multiple projects around Cloud Networking, Compute and Storage. Is a technology enthusiast and an advocate of Open Source Technologies.)*
