OpenStack Neutron: Deep dive into practical cloud networking with BigSwitch BCF and OpenVswitch
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The talk takes a deep dive into two SDN solutions for OpenStack: BigSwitch BCF P+V Edition and native Neutron with DVR. For each of the solutions, it uncovers the internals of the implementation of the virtualized networking. It explains in great detail the flow of packets between virtual instance and between virtual instances and devices on external provider networks. It demonstrates practical approaches and methodology for tracing flows in virtualized networks. Even though the examples are based on Native Neutron and BigSwitch BCF P+V, the approaches are applicable to any other SDN solitions. Understanding the ins outs of the implementation of virtualized networks is the only way to effectively analyze, evaluate and troubleshoot SDN solutions. This presentation has been given multiple times to internal teams within in my organization and has often been refered to as an "eye openner".


* **Dimitar Ivanov** *(You can find my “formal” professional bio further down but for most of you, this probably is all you really want to know: What’s been keeping me busy for the last two years is automation for infrastructure provisioning, OpenStack, architecting, designing and deploying clouds, NFV, SDN. I’m a unix/linux guy, always been, always will be! These days I happen to run yum/dnf more often than apt-get but both are cool. My love for C is forever but I managed to find place in my heart for Python and Perl. Awk and bash are cool too. My idols are Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie and Brian Kernighan – on their shoulders we all stand today! Thank you! Loving OpenStack, after all it is for the stack what linux is for the server. My favorite OpenStack project is Neutron. I like systems that scale, anticipate failures and self-heal. I love the West Coast! And this is the official part… Dimitar Ivanov is an IT professional with over twenty five years of experience in the architecture, design and, implementation of large scale, complex, mission critical datacenter  infrastructure environments in a variety of senior technical and leadership roles.  Dimitar started his professional career as a systems programmer at the Institute for Microprocessor Technologies in Sofia, Bulgaria where for three years he designed and developed control systems for industrial automation.  During the mid and late 1990s he worked for some of the leading systems integrators in Bulgaria as well as leading government and commercial organizations with focus on systems and networking administration and integration.  In 1998, Dimitar moved to Vancouver, Canada and for the next seven years took multiple senior technical roles and leadership roles at the head office of leading electronics retailer Best Buy Canada. He was responsible for the architecture, design, deployment and operations of large scale, nationwide compute and networking infrastructure supporting Best Buy Canada’s “bricks and mortar” as well as on-line retail operations. His responsibilities also included the technology support for the core business systems for finance, human resources and retail.  In 2005, Dimitar joined TELUS, a leading telecommunication provider in Canada and for the last ten years has been in variety of leadership roles in IT Operations, Infrastructure Design and Integration and most recently, Cloud Infrastructure and Architecture, part of the CTO organization.  Dimitar and his team are responsible for the architecture of the compute and storage infrastructure for BSS and OSS applications and services nationwide. His team is also responsible for setting up technology standards and new technology introduction.  For the last two years, his main focus areas have been automated provisioning, Network Function Virtualization (NFV), SDN and OpenStack based cloud services. Currently he and his team are developing the architecture of highly resilient, flexible, scalable and elastic multi-tenant private cloud. Dimitar lives in Port Coquitlam, BC with his wife and son, his eldest daughter lives in Mountain View, CA.)*
