Monitoring Network Underlays with BroadView Instrumentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

BroadView is an open source software suite that enables advanced analytics in next-generation networks. Troubleshooting network problems and ensuring application SLAs are very complex tasks. In cloud networks, overlay technologies reduce visibility into packet flows, thereby making it even more difficult to analyze issues and ensure SLAs. OpenStack projects such as Ceilometer and Monasca provide monitoring-as-a-service to deliver usage metrics from applications and tenant networks; however, underlay monitoring is not supported. Ensuring application SLAs requires overlay mapping to the underlay, and optimal performance of underlay infrastructure is essential. BroadView-based solutions enable programmable access to underlay monitoring, facilitating applications to gather advanced analytics in a highly scalable manner. This session explains how BroadView with Monasca provides network administrators a single pane of glass to monitor all aspects of the network.


* **Syd Logan** *(Syd is the technical project leader for BroadView integration with OpenStack at Broadcom.  Syd has been a software engineer for over 30 years. Prior to Broadcom, Syd has held technical and management positions at a wide variety of companies, including VMware, Netscape Communications, and America Online. He is the author of 3 books, "Developing Imaging Applications with XIELIb" (Prentice Hall), "GTK+ Programming in C" (Prentice Hall), and "Cross-platform Development in C++" (Addison-Wesley) Syd volunteers his time as a Django/Python and Android developer and serves as a member of the board of directors for Thousand Smiles Foundation, a San Diego charity that provides maxillofacial surgery and dental care to children in Ensenada, Mexico.  )*

* **Roland Hochmuth** *(Roland Hochmuth is a software architect, developer and evangelist at Hewlett Packard Enterprise and the Project Technical Lead (PTL) for the open-source OpenStack Monitoring-as-a-Service Monasca project. His current focus is on architecture, development and helping to lead the team that develops a highly performant, scalable and reliable turn-key monitoring and logging solution that leverages the industries newest trends and innovations around near real-time stream processing systems, analytics and big data, such as Apache Kafka, Apache Storm, Apache Spark, HPE Vertica and others. Prior to working on Monasca, he was an architect, developer and tech lead on the metrics processing pipeline for HP's Public Cloud. From roughly 2009-2012, he was an architect and tech lead on WebOS on the PC. From 2002-2009 he was a founder, architect, developer and tech lead on the highly successful remote desktop visualization product Remote Graphics Software (RGS), which served as the foundation for launching two products within HP, HP Workstation Blades and HP Halo Videoconferencing. In the early 2000's he worked on HP's e-utilica solution, which was a predecessor for cloud computing. From 1990-2000, he worked on 3-D graphics geometry processing, rasterization, and NURBS surface tessellation algorithms. Roland has experience in a number of software disciplines and domains ranging from 3-D computer graphics, remote desktop visualization, cloud computing and monitoring. He has a history of innovation and leading successful products and teams. He has around sixty to seventy patents and patent applications and frequently presents at conferences. In his free time he studies statistics and Deep Learning.)*
