Enabling Network Intents for OpenStack using Labels
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

As Neutron features evolve and become more complex, network intents can be specified by multiple stakeholders (e.g., tenants, operators), either directly via Neutron APIs or indirectly via HEAT templates. These individually specified intents may overlap/conflict, resulting in unexpected runtime behaviors. We demonstrate how to enable high-level network intents for managing diverse OpenStack services.  We present a system that defines a group of endpoints (EPG) using logical labels, with each label representing diverse endpoint attributes: e.g., application components they host, their locations, and tenants. We extract such labels and relationships using Congress and automatically construct a label namespace from metadata and database. This enables users to correctly define EPGs using the labels and allows our system to proactively/automatically compose these intents. Users can express complex intents as graphs to represent security/QoS. We also demonstrate our prototype on Newton.


* **Joon-Myung Kang** *(Joon-Myung Kang is a Researcher at Hewlett Packard Labs, Palo Alto, CA. His research interests include cloud computing, software-defined networking, and network management. He has been working on OpenStack networking, computing, identity & access and monitoring since 2011 (diablo release). Before joining in Hewlett Packard Labs, he was a core architect and developer for Canadian SAVI (Smart Applications on Virtual Infrastructure) testbed based on OpenStack which has been deployed across much of Canada. Currently, Joon-Myung is working on Policy Graph Abstraction for OpenStack networking and label management for OpenStack services. Talk expereince in OpenStack Summit: OpenStack summit Austin 2016: Policy Canvas: Draw your policies for OpenStack services https://www.openstack.org/videos/video/policy-canvas-draw-your-policies-for-openstack-services OpenStack summit Vancouver 2015: Supporting network bandwidth guarantees with OpenStack: an implementation perspective https://www.openstack.org/summit/vancouver-2015/summit-videos/presentation/supporting-network-bandwidth-guarantees-with-openstack-an-implementation-perspective)*

* **Mario Sanchez** *(Mario is a Research Scientist at HP Labs in Palo Alto, CA. He received a Computer Science Ph.D. degree from Northwestern University in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department. His research interests include distributed systems, cloud computing and Internet measurements.  )*

* **Anu Mercian** *(Anu Mercian is a Sr. Systems Engineer, in SDN R&D at Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Networking, Palo Alto, CA. She earned a PhD and MS in Electrical Engineering from Arizona State Univeristy and Bachelors in Electronics Engineering from CET, India. She is currently working on OpenDayLight Network Intent Composition (NIC) and her interests include Intent-based Networking, Policy Management and Service Chaining. She is also a Research Affiliate with Lawrence Berkeley Labs (LBL) where she collaborates in SDN challenges. She serves as a reviewer for various Publications including Elseiver, Optical Communications, Journal of Networks etc. Prior to HPE, she has worked with Energy Sciences Network (ESnet) and Huawei towards different SDN application services. )*
