dotStar – A Tenant-centric Tool for OpenStack Ops Monitoring and Analytics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Cloud monitoring is a key element of OpenStack management operations. This presentation describes and demonstrates a novel monitoring and analytics tool, dotStar, used in Cisco Cloud Services by cloud engineering staff, operators, and customers (tenants). With the tenant (customer) centric approach, it provides the capabilities of associating cloud tenants with infrastructure components (e.g., host, Ceph, Neutron), services (e.g., VPN, load balancing, big data as a service), and usage patterns (e.g., NetFlow data, OpenStack API calls) across clouds and regions. dotStar enables cloud infrastructure management, capacity planning, service operations, and troubleshooting with deep insights in user and application behaviors.


* **Jim Huang** *(Jim Huang is an experienced engineering lead in Cisco Cloud Infrastructure and Services organization. His work involves design and implementation of cloud health monitoring and service deployment automation in OpenStack environments. Prior to his current role, he served as a senior manager for development of Cisco Intercloud Solution involving OpenStack, AWS, and MS Azure, and other Cisco products. He was also a lead in defining High Availability engineering standards and processes in the telecom industry as well as in Cisco. Jim gave High Availability Networking lectures and seminar in the Stanford University and taught Operating Systems course in the University of Minnesota. He was an author of many technical journal and conference papers and awarded US patents. Jim has a Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering from the University of Massachusetts.)*

* **Omer Ansari** *(Omer is a seasoned Cloud Services leader responsible for Engineering at Cisco Cloud Services in support of Cisco's large scale production SaaS assets as well as key federation partners worldwide. He has overseen SDN solutions built by integrating best of breed Cisco technologies with Opensource platforms such as Openstack, next-gen XaaS revenue-generating features such as MPLS Private Link (WAN Automation), Analytics-based Load Balancer as-a-Service, VPN as-a-Service, ACI integration into Openstack, provisioned IOPS based storage to name a few. In his spare time, Omer loves to swim. )*
