Taking Role Based Access Control into the the next generation with Tempest Driven Automation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The role of RBAC policies is to restrict access to the capabilities of OpenStack API’s and provide controlled access to authorized users. This follows the principle of least privilege. To this effect AT&T has undertaken the task of creating certain buckets (set of atomic API calls) that enable certain functionality. Implementation of RBAC policies required vigorous testing through all phases of the SDLC. Tempest is the test automation tool used to test API and CLI tests to validate the Openstack deployment. The team has extended the Tempest framework and designed a role based control mechanism to insert assertions depending on the type of role and API. The framework is driven by a simple excel spreadsheet that has roles and the type of assertion required. API tests are then executed based on the defined roles & expected assertions. The framework has been very successful in testing out all the different roles defined throughout the different phases of testing using CI/CD.  


* **Bhavin Desai** *(Bhavin Desai is a Manager in the Testing Service Capability within Accenture Delivery Centers in North America. He has over 10 years experience in strategizing and delivering IT projects with focuses on Testing, Project Management, Process Design and Implementation. Bhavin is experienced in leveraging Client designated methodology, Accenture Delivery Method (ADM) and the Accenture Test Assessment framework in architecting Test Strategy and Approach. Bhavin leads teams in Test Planning, Test Automation, Defect Management, Test Execution and overall Test Project Management)*

* **Jennifer Johnson** *(I am currently the Sr. Technical Director of Testing; who manages a large global technical team of AT&T and third party vendor members (120+) charged with developing, transforming, and supporting the testing of the company’s Cloud Computing OpenStack platform of AIC – AT&T Integrated Cloud. Charged with leading the test architecture, strategy and planning, test execution, test automation and test tooling for one of the world’s largest OpenStack based private clouds. It's exciting to be part of team that is transforming the AT&T network by leveraging an opensource platform. I recently joined the Women of OpenStack and very excited to be part of the organization that embraces fellowship and wants to drive innovation and adoption in the community. #Techgeak  )*
