BYOS with Ansible: Adding 3rd-party services to your cloud without being broken by upgrade!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

We’ve got to the point where a fully automated deployment of OpenStack is not such a big deal. We might even say that we have solved the upgrade problem; maybe not quite as seamless as we’d like, but definitely getting easier. Let’s say you have deployed a private cloud and would like to integrate Neutron with your favourite SDN, which requires additional plugin code, config settings, etc. Or maybe you also need to deploy your own inventory management service across the cloud, which requires certain ports to be open. How do you do this in a way that isn’t broken the next time you upgrade your OpenStack distro? In this session, we will discuss an approach to this problem based on an Ansible framework for deployment and general lifecycle management of the cloud. We will detail how we allow consumers of our private cloud solution to make changes to OpenStack services for integration of different 3rd-party plugins/drivers, with the integration of Neutron and OpenDaylight as an example.


* **Tom Howley** *(Tom is the Tech Lead for the HOS (Helion OpenStack) lifecycle management component, see https://github.com/hpe-helion-os. Prior to this, Tom worked on HP's Public Cloud, initially working on the block storage solution and later focussing on HA across the cloud. Before entering the world of cloud, Tom worked in data analytics in the telecom sector and also co-founded a startup (https://www.analyzeiq.com/) based on his research into machine learning, in which he holds a PhD.  )*

* **Darragh Bailey** *(Both in work and during free time for fun, spend time contributing to jenkins-job-builder, git-upstream (author), and multiple vagrant projects include vagrant & vagrant-libvirt. Most recently working on HPE's Helion OS, specially the Helion Lifecycle Manager, which involves extensive use of Sensible to deploy OpenStack. Focused on extracting the most from Ansible and providing a stable dev env for others to deliver integrated OpenStack services. Prior involved with HP's Public Cloud offering, helping many teams utilizing CI/CD to deliver code to production on a daily basis. Has worked extensively in supporting building of highly scalable solutions, starting as the Build and Release engineer for Scalable FileSystem (Lustre), HP's offering for a high performance file system in the HPC space. Subsequently working on large storage with HP's Extreme Data Storage 9100, followed by a common platform for HP's StorageWork's data storage solutions. Outside of work, enjoy travelling (visited 6 of 7 contintents - not yet seen Antartica), hiking which has taken me to Kilimanjaro, and training in TaeKwon-Do. Spend)*

* **Jan Grant** *(jan's worked for HPE on Openstack for a few years: initially on Nova, then TripleO, and now on HPE's Helion system - particularly on the tooling around deployment and upgrade,)*
