Extending OpenStack-Ansible with Automated Operational Management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The IBM Systems Cloud Solutions Group helps many customers realize their own private OpenStack Cloud infrastructures. Recently we looked into how to best handle this task using exclusively open community solutions. For provisioning we settled on the OpenStack-Ansible project. We have used it heavily and became familiar with its strengths and weaknesses. In addition we had to complement our solution with open DevOps tools to fulfil Operational Management aspects, such as Monitoring, Log Collection & Analysis, Performance, Scalability, Discovery and Inventory Management, among others. In this session we share our findings. In particular we show our approach to integrate a stack of Ops tools with OpenStack-Ansible for automated deployment and configuration. We also discuss how to adjust the Ops configuration elastically in order to achieve immediate coverage after our Cluster scales or when it is reconfigured. We expect that our experience and ideas will help similar endeavors.


* **Marcelo Perazolo** *(Marcelo Perazolo is the Lead Software Architect for Operational Management in the IBM Systems Cloud Solutions Group. He is located in the IBM Software Lab in RTP, NC, and has received his MSEE and BSEE degrees from UNICAMP, then started his professional career at IBM in 1990, accounting for more than 25 years of professional experience with Infrastructure and Platform Management solutions. He drives planning and strategy for IBM's Systems Management team to exploit Open Systems Software and OpenStack to build Converged and Hyperconverged Infrastructure solutions. He is active in multiple Open organizations, such as OpenPOWER, OASIS and DMTF and focuses on furthering IBM's Open Systems agenda, and to drive open management capabilities into converged and hyperconverged infrastructure system solutions in the marketplace.)*
