Beyond Horizon - Moving the Dashboard to a UX that works
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

  For years, Horizon has been the undisputed official Dashboard for Openstack, being the very recognizable web interface that serves many private and public cloud providers. But it still brings many unresolved pains: coupling of front-end and backend prevents designers to provide innovative interfaces in modern frameworks (e.g. 3REE), and a "skin" approach the UI/UX is designed by and for sysadmins, and does not consider other use cases no support for popular third party (non Openstack) software solutions for queue management, logging, monitoring, containers, security etc. no addressing of public providers' needs in terms of customer management instead of simple "users": billing, pricing advertising, reporting, charts etc are vital to a proper UX for customers. In this session we will provide a complete overview of a brand new open source project for a modular, extensible, reactive, appealing Openstack dashboard solving most of the pains above.


* **Mariano Cunietti** *(After serving for several years as an enthusiast Linux system administrator in an ISP environment, Mariano became CTO at Enter.it and in 2011 started the company first Openstack based project running on Essex (cloudup.it and selfserver.it) On August 2013 the first italian region for EnterCloudSuite.com (ECS) was launched. It was the first public IAAS running in Italy on Openstack, one of the first in Europe. On April 2014 the German and Dutch region followed. On October 2015, EnterCloudSuite was awarded by the EU Commission to be an official provider of public IAAS to the 52 EU Institution. Before running open source infrastructure, Mariano earned a Master of Arts in Classical Guitar, and almost one in Greek and Latin Literature. )*

* **Gabriel Adrian Samfira** *(Gabriel has been involved in systems engineering and operations for the past 10+ years, mixing systems administration with development whenever needed. He has a background in deploying and managing large scale web services mostly on GNU/Linux systems. In 2013 he became part of an amazing startup called Cloudbase Solutions which focuses on cloud computing interoperability. Based in Timisoara, Romania, Cloudbase Solutions provides integration between OpenStack and Windows, including the Hyper-V Nova Compute driver and Cloudbase-Init (Cloud-Init for Windows). He is currently the technical lead of the team responsible for automating the deployment of Microsoft workloads both in OpenStack as well as on top of OpenStack and various other scenarios.)*
