Adiuvo Bot - Smart DevOps using bots for effective triaging and Operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Bots are intelligent agents that are designed to assist humans in specific tasks while monitoring and learning key behaviors. Bots like Siri and Echo have popularized the emerging area of smart chat bots. We would like to highlight a smart way of using chat bots in the space of Ops monitoring and DevOps. A few direct applications include: repetitive mundane tasks (disk cleanup, workflow based jobs etc.), system health monitoring, using Chat logs for effective triaging, creating post-mortem reports and learning from knowledge bases. Using analytics and smart rules, bots enable constant learning of system behavior and can be empowered to take smart decisions.  The holy grail in this world of bots is to remove the human, and let the bots take control of the operations!   We would like to invite the community to get involved and help us drive a Bots revolution in the Openstack Ops community. For more details: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/AdiuvoBot


* **Yathiraj Udupi** *(Yathiraj Udupi is a Technical Leader of Engineering in the Office of the Cloud CTO at Cisco Systems working on OpenStack, BigData,  related projects.  He is actively executing and leading in building large scale, efficient cloud and streaming big data architectures with an emphasis on operational intelligence, monitoring, smart alerting, streaming analytics, and optimized cloud resource and workload placements (scheduling). He is an active Openstacker with interests in the projects such as Nova, Monasca, Telemetry. Yathiraj Udupi received his PhD in Computer Science from North Carolina State University where his research interests included Multiagent systems, Policy-based Management, Distributed AI.  He received his Bachelors (BTech) from the Indian Institute of Technology Madras (IITM) in Computer Science.)*

* **Rahul Ramakrishna** *(Rahul is a software developer @Cisco Cloud, where he primarily works on data streaming problems and building distributed and robust data pipelines. He graduated from University of Massachusetts, Amherst in Computer Science. As a part of Database and Information Management lab, he worked on package builders which is a system that tries to understand losely defined constraits and helps users navigate to intended  solutions in the search space. Prior to that he worked @ Yahoo! sports, where he worked on developing operations tools, monitoring applications and scaling cloud application platforms over large server farms.  In his free time, he keeps tinkering in Databases, Distributed Systems and Machine Learning for Bots.)*
