Demystifying OpenStack:  Billing and Chargeback Best Practices
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The #1 priority listed by the most respondents in the spring 2016 OpenStack User Survey was “Saving money over alternative infrastructure choices”.   66% of all respondents listed this first. But how do you know if your OpenStack cloud is saving you money and demonstrate that to your users? A self-service cloud running on OpenStack requires reporting and tools to inform project owners and help them make decisions to right size their resources and control sprawl.  Executives and management require a different set of reports and metrics to determine services mix and plan for staffing and resource growth.  This presentation will focus on practical considerations for implementing chargeback and capacity planning in order to make informed choices and increase resource utilization.  


* **Jason Rouault** *(Jason Rouault is Senior Director of Engineering at Charter (formerly Time Warner Cable) where he is responsible for the ongoing development, operation, and support of the Charter Openstack Cloud. At Charter he has helped institute a DevOps culture and introduced tooling and automation to support continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) of OpenStack. Prior to Charter and Time Warner Cable, Jason was with Hewlett-Packard where he worked in various technical capacities over his 16 year tenure that ranged from software developer to CTO of the Identity Management business. In his last role at Hewlett-Packard he was a Director of Engineering and was one of the original 7 technologists that helped build the HP Public Cloud business based on OpenStack from the ground up. Mr. Rouault has over 20 years of technology management and team building experience including a detailed working knowledge of Information Technologies, Software Development, Cloud Services, and the Internet & eBusiness industry.)*

* **Sanjay Mishra** *(Sanjay Mishra is Founder and CTO of Talligent, the leading provider of cost and capacity management solutions for OpenStack and hybrid clouds.  Day to day, his activities include setting company strategy, working on Openbook deployments, creating a customer driven roadmap, and writing code.  Prior to Talligent, Sanjay was involved in a wide variety of IT infrastructure startups and roles, including co-founding a venture-backed network monitoring company and engineering and consulting roles at Tivoli and IBM.)*

* **Rajesh Gwalani** *(Rajesh is a seasoned product leader in the Cloud world and has successfuly built and delivered SaaS, PaaS and IaaS offerings since 2005. He is currently focussed on improving the maangeability and operabiity apsects of OpenStack to help operators run highly available, scalable, secure and cost-effective hybrid clouds for Enterprise, Telco/NFV and Service Provider segments.  )*
