Automated OS Image building for fun and profit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

How to keep your OS images up-to-date? How to customize and harden the images? What if the vendor provided “one-size-fits-all image” doesn't suit your needs? Well – go and build your own! At CeBIT 2016 Deutsche Telekom launched the Open Telekom Cloud (OTC) as a OpenStack-based public cloud offering. To keep the promise of the marketing slogan “Simple – Secure – Affordable” in regards to our OS images we have built an fully automated, programmatic way, to build our OS images.   This is the Image Factory project!   Utilizing tools like openSUSE kiwi, the OpenStack API suite, git and local repositories we build public images, entirely optimized to run on OTC. The images are built, uploaded, registered and tested fully automatically. Following this approach we are able to apply changes quickly, include security patches in near-realtime and do hardening and customization. And thinking further – we might even open it up to customers as ImageFactory-as-a-service.


* **Sebastian Wenner** *(I started my careen in 1997 at IBM Germany, doing a dual study for infarmation technologies. During my studies we came across a open-source operating system called Linux which drew a lot of my attention and continued to do so until present time. In my later work at IBM I always followed the Linux and Open Source path, doing several years of project work at customer sites until I switched to the Outsourcing part to work for and later to head the Linux team. As the pure technical side war not satisfying enough for me, I got the chance to do an MBA program and take a look at the dark side ;) In 2012 I moved to T-Systems, heading there the Linux & Solaris Team and later on a team called Cross Platform Integration. There I got in contact with OpenStack and the idea to create a OpenStack based cloud offering for Deutsche Telekom and T-Systems. That endavour ended in what we are today offering as Open Telekom Cloud, me being senior product developer / the technical platform lead for it. Apart from doing all that computer stuff, I am married, have a son and enjoy a lot doing some cooking & baking, spending time with my family and travelling throughout the wolrd.)*

* **Kurt Garloff** *(I grew up in Germany where I graduated in Physics at University of Dortmund. I moved to Eindhoven (The Netherlands) to do postgrad research on plasma physics.I had developed an interest in computers and in particular in the Open Source and Linux movements in parallel and had contributed some code successfully to the Linux kernel when the community was still small. I also succeeded contributing little pieces to a number of other projects (amongst which glibc and gcc).In the end the computer side won over physics and I ended up working for SUSE Linux AG (later part of Novell Inc) as a freelancer and quickly as employee.  I worked as kernel engineer but also took some responsibility in security projects. I ended up running SUSE Labs, where I had the privilege to work with some of the smartest engineers in our research department hosting the open source kernel, toolchain (compiler ...) and X11 engineers.Subsequently, I had a number of technical, people and business leadership roles (Head Architect, acting VP Engineering, VP Product Management, VP Business Development, VP Partner Engineering) and I'm grateful to Novell for sending me to the HBS Program for Leadship Development to enhance my business skills before taking over business management functions.The acquisition of Novell by Attachmate ended my career with SUSE and the next step was being part of the BU Cloud Services in Deutsche Telekom's P&I which had a lot of the startup spirit I was looking for... In my VP Cloud Technology function I headed the unit that developed the Consumer Cloud Storage platform (DLS/Mediencenter) and the OpenStack based hosting infrastructure for hosting the software partners' apps in DT's TelekomCloud BusinessMarketplace and I had the pleasure to present on this in a keynote in the San Francisco Summit.I supported Huawei's Enterprise IT R&D department to build a great cloud engineering team in Europe and to enhance the capabilities of Huawei's OpenStack based FusionSphere solutions in 2014/15. Since fall 2015, I have been supporting T-Systems with the launch and further development Open Telekom Cloud, a large public cloud in Europe based on OpenStack and developed in close collaboration with Huawei and the OpenStack community.PS: When I don't work on computers, I spend my time with my great wife and two wonderful kids.)*

* **Daniela Ebert** *(Before becoming a Senior Product Developer for Open Telekom Cloud, Daniela Ebert spent many years as an AIX Engineer in the Solution Delivery department at T-Systems. Leading up to the launch of Open Telekom Could at CeBIT 2016, she developed the technical implementation of the platform. At the moment her work is concentrated on technical development, the evaluation of technical features, and architecture issues.)*
