Unified Monitoring addressing Virtual Machines, Legacy Baremetal, Containers and Network Fabric
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

We will talk about datacenter monitoring not only for openstack itself, but also for legacy baremeal, containters, physical and logical networks. These different types of resources really start co-related together with software defined techs. SK Telecom has been developing varios tools covering operation automation, monitoring and analytics, network visualization, seperately. However, we realized that these tools need to be integrated together. Therefore, we are building standarized pipeline of gathering all the information (leveraging monasca), and developing monitoring tool chains on top of the pipeline. We will share tools we are developing and our experience to work with operation team to partially realize our ideas. Active demo of tools, architecture, difficulties to leverage openstack technologies with our legacy datacenter will be presented as well. Lastly, we will share our envision to connect monitoring with automation to simplify complicated operation jobs in the datacenter.


* **Jaesuk Ahn** *(Jaesuk Ahn have received the M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from University of Texas at Austin, in 2004 and 2009, respectively, all in Software Engineering. Upon the graduation, he joined Korea Telecom from Sept. 2009, where he started to work on Open Source Cloud Technologies, especially on OpenStack Project. he had led a development team to architect, develop, and deploy opoenstack-based cloud platform for KT's internal private cloud till 2014. He joined a venture company called cloud4u at 2014 working at developing cloud tool chain to design, orechestrate, provision, monitor systems on cloud environment. He also worked as a main architect to develop open paas platform for the government. He is currently working at SK Telecom on the research project related to Software Defined Data Center as well as production openstack deployment.   He has also been involved in openstack community from early stage. he founded OpenStack Korea User group at 2011, since then, he has been doing various activities to promote open source technologies in Korea. )*

* **Dongheon Lee** *(SDI Tech. Lab NIC (NW-IT Covergence) R&D Center  SK Telecom   )*

* **JongHyok Lee ** *(Working on data processing area about 20 years and real-time streaming data with so-called big-data solutions like IBM InfoSphere Streams or Apache Spark Streaming during last 5 years. Most of the experiences include gathering, processing, and analysis of application/machine log from devices or manufacturing equipments. Currently focusing on operation analytics and intelligence system for software defined data center on OpenStack.)*
