Massive data plane and storage scale at your fingertip with KloudBuster
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

While there are a lot of flexibility for building and configuring an OpenStack cloud, hardware and configuration differences can have significant impacts on cloud performance and scale. It is therefore critical to know how your cloud performs at scale before going to production. KloudBuster is a open source tool under OpenStack big tent that allows anybody even with little OpenStack experience to load any OpenStack cloud at massive data plane and storage scale swiftly and effortlessly, and comes "all batteries included" without the need for expensive test equipment. KloudBuster is capable of generating any amount of HTTP traffic involving real HTTP servers and simulated HTTP users, or spawning any amount of storage intensive clients. The testing can be driven from a nice and well designed Web UI, and results will be provided in the form of charts that characterize the behavior of the cloud under load.


* **Yichen Wang** *(Yichen is a software engineer at Cisco Systems. He is part of the OpenStack System Engineering team, and actively working on the fronts of Performance and Scale for Cisco OpenStack NFVi solutions. He is the key contributor for developing VMTP and KloudBuster, which are great tools available on OpenStack for measuring data plane and storage performances and scalabilities for OpenStack clouds. Prior to his experiences in OpenStack, he was a key developer in Cross-OS project, which is a C library that provides the infrastructure support for networking applications across all Cisco Operating Systems. He was involved mostly in Interface Manager subsystem, as well as the implementation of serviceability and white-box testing.)*

* **Alec Hothan** *(Alec is a Principal Engineer at Cisco leading the Openstack Performance and Scale team. He has authored the openstack/vmtp OpenStack data plane performance measurement tool, the KloudBuster data plane scale tool and contributed in numerous OpenStack reviews related to scale, most notably in Oslo Messaging and Neutron. Prior to OpenStack, Alec led the Performance and Scale effort on the control plane of all major Cisco switching, wireless and routing platforms involving high performance tracing, scale tuning with multiple communication protocols, unicast/multicast designs, High Availability, stacking and cluster distributed architectures.  )*
