Automated Recovery of OpenStack Clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Typical OpenStack deployment tools that exist today do a fairly good job of deployment of the cloud. But what is missing is making use of the information provided by monitoring tools to initiate an automated recovery of the cloud from certain set of well known problems. There are several issues that can happen in an OpenStack cloud post deployment including power loss , network partitions and hardware issues. We will look into recovery procedures for galera, rabbit and also how to integrate with deployment infrastructures to recover from hardware problems.  In this talk we will present a tool(CloudDoctor) to view all open issues in your cloud and an option to fix those issues. We  have a plugin model which integrates with existing monitoring tools and also deployment infrastructures. You could also perform actions like add/remove compute nodes, updates for bug fixes and replace controllers to make sure you can fully recover from existing issues. 


* **AJAY KALAMBUR** *(Ajay Kalambur works as a Technical Leader in Cisco's Openstack systems engineering team. Ajay has been involved in Openstack since the Icehouse release. Ajay started working on system and HA/resilency testing of Openstack cloud's for Cisco's intercloud offering. As part of this Ajay gained devops background in debugging openstack productions clouds and tailoring openstack configs for High Availability. He also has contributed to developing automated tools for Openstack system and HA testing including an opensource tool called Cloud99 which is a tool for HA testing of Openstack clouds.  Ajay has recently been working on developing automated deployers for openstack for Cisco's product lines. This involves working on docker containers, ansible and bare-metal Openstack deployments. )*

* **Jinay  Vora** *(Jinay Vora is a Software Engineer at Cisco working in the Openstack-Systems Group. His work evolves around Docker, Virtual Networking, Monitoring/logging and other cloud-related technologies. He has a Master's degree in Computer Networks from Georgia Institute of Technology.)*

* **Pradeep Chandrasekar** *(Pradeep Chandrasekar is a Senior Software Engineer from the Openstack Systems Engineering team at Cisco. He was one of the speaker at the Vancouver summit, presenting their Cloud99 HA tool. His experience includes Openstack deployment, Containers, Ansible etc. He has been working on Openstack since icehouse release. At Cisco, his primary work involves developing the  test infrastructure for Cisco's OpenStack High Availability clouds and various other Cisco's cloud services products. Priori to his involvement with OpenStack Pradeep was designing and developing white box test frameworks for Cisco's infrastructure components like High Availability and Inter Process Communications. He also gained his expertise in Java during his involvement with Cisco's management software called Cisco Software Manager.)*
