Using a Cloud Management Platform for Day Two Openstack Operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack currently uses Horizon as the GUI for cloud management. However, Horizon is not built with the enterprise users in mind. Organizations operating an OpenStack cloud have many needs that current OpenStack tooling doesn’t meet. This is where a true cloud management platform can help.By having a cloud management platform manage your OpenStack environment, you will be able to deal with the needs of an enterprise environment: approval workflow, compliance, self-service, chargeback, quota enforcement, resource management, capacity planning, optimization, configuration management, etc. In order to add all of these things on top of your OpenStack cloud, you need a cloud management platform.Red Hat CloudForms is a cloud management platform that offers unified management for hybrid environments, providing a consistent experience and functionality across container-based infrastructures, virtualization, and private and public cloud platforms.


* **Lucy Kerner** *(Lucy Kerner is a Senior Cloud Solutions Architect for the North America Public Sector team at Red Hat. In this role, she supports the Red Hat cloud sales efforts by presenting and designing Red Hat cloud solutions for a wide range of U.S. Public Sector customers. She has over 10 years of professional experience as both a software and hardware development engineer and a pre-sales solutions architect. Prior to joining Red Hat, she worked at IBM as both a microprocessor design engineer for Mainframe microprocessors and a pre-sales solutions architect for IBM x86 servers. She has also interned at Apple, Cadence, Lockheed Martin, and MITRE, where she worked on both software and hardware development. Lucy graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a Master of Science (M.S.) and Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Electrical and Computer Engineering. She also graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a Minor in Spanish.)*

* **David Huff** *(David is a senior solutions architect at Red Hat, and Team Lead for the Public Sector Virtualization and Cloud specialist group focusing on OpenStack. David has been at Red Hat for over 12 years, and has held several different roles including product development on some of Red Hat's earlier Virtualization projects.  Currently David works exclusively with the public sector supporting both federal and local customer as well as higher ED customers. )*
