Simplify Day 2 operations (and get some sleep!) through Craton fleet management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Use Rackspace’s proven approach for fleet management, with inventory and audit/remediation workflows. And stop spending your evenings and weekends to fix day-to-day operational issues in your OpenStack deployment! With the new Craton project, we may have new ops tools that can help you. Come see a presentation and demo of the Craton fleet management framework and working solution for OpenStack clouds, which we plan to become part of the OpenStack big tent. Craton combines two key elements, while integrating with your existing environment. First, an inventory fabric to manage your inventory of hosts/devices, along with corresponding configuration variables; and the ability to wrap seamlessly existing inventory/asset management sources. Second, Craton enables running audit and remediation workflows across the fleet to help operate your cloud. Integration APIs complete the solution with other tooling you have in place, including CI/CD, governance, logging, monitoring, and alerting.


* **Jim Baker** *(Jim is a senior software developer at Rackspace, where he works on problems that involve scale, whether that's cloud computing or big data. He is also a lecturer in computer science at the University of Colorado at Boulder. He is a graduate of Harvard College and Brown University and is a nominated member of the Python Software Foundation for his work on Jython.)*

* **Sean Roberts** *(Sean manages the platform programs and products for Walmart. Walmart is making heavy investments in agile infrastructure. New network stacks, OpenStack infrastructure, OneOps platform orchestration, CI/CD pipelines, open source contributions, and many other important changes are being implemented. Sean is working on the evolution of a traditional brick and mortar retailer into a online retail competitor. Sean has been involved with OpenStack for more than four years, with over two years as an OpenStack Board Director. He has been elected three times to represent the OpenStack Foundation Gold Membership. Sean has also held the Chair of Finance and Tax Affairs committee positions, in addition to being a member of the DefCore and Gold Membership committees. Sean is also involved with OpenStack projects. He was formerly the Akanda and Training-Guides PTL. As well as a member of DefCore, Product, and Ambassador groups. The OpenStack Foundation has recognized Sean as an OpenStack Ambassador, which leads the OpenStack user groups worldwide. In his spare time, Sean leads the San Francisco OpenStack user group with five thousand plus members. “I enjoy working with all the different people involved with OpenStack. There is constant state of optimism and a drive to improve. If I had to pick one thing that makes me feel renewed and happy about my work, it would be helping people to improve themselves. I always am humbled when I can help someone find a new job or gain a new skill. This is what keeps me going.”)*

* **Sulochan Acharya** *(Sulochan is a Software Engineer at Rackspace where he focuses on developing tools that help to run and maintain Openstack based cloud at a large scale. Currently Sulo works under OSIC (Openstack Innovation Center) to help develop fleet operations tools. He is currently focused on the Craton project, which aims to build a tool that operators can use to manage their openstack fleet. He has perviously worked as Senior Linux System Engineer ensuring reliability of Rackspace public cloud infrastructure, where he built applications to automate the day to day management of of cloud infrastructure to make Rackspace public cloud a self healing Openstack fleet. Sulo has also contributed to other Openstack projects.)*
