Openstack User Access Management and Role Based Access Controls
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This presentation covers the implementation of user access management for the AT&T Integrated Cloud (AT&T's Openstack infrastructure), as well as the need for Role Based Access Controls and the support of Openstack RBAC roles within user access management. For this talk, user access management refers to the context of managing the granting or removal of user access to Openstack resources by associating the user with an Openstack role(s) for a given tenant (or removing that role from the user).   The talk will discuss the characteristics, requirements, and architecture of a user access management system, including automated provisioning of access, support for approval authorization, auditing, and lifecycle support.   The talk will review the implementation of RBAC by Openstack services, how the Openstack data model impacts access management, and the tradeoff associated with the benefit of a new role and the impact of making local changes to Openstack roles and policies.  


* **Michael Denny** *(Currently working as an AT&T Integrated Cloud (AIC) architect.   AIC is a cloud infrastructure using Openstack.    A little of my resume:   My job experience includes Cloud Technologies (2010-present, hands-on and architecture),  Enterprise Architecture for Content Services (2007-2010), Service Delivery Platform Design (2005-2007), IT strategy development (2005-2011), Enterprise IT Strategic Architecture assessments (2002-2004), Internet services architect (2000-2002), Content Management Services segment lead (2000-2004), Network-Based Services assessment (1994-1998), and Collaborative Computing assessment (1994-1995).  Managed several groups (1982-1994) and performed associated project management in several areas, including PC Technical Support, Software Asset Management, Applications Development, Electronic Publishing Systems, On-line documentation, Unix Office Systems Support, VMS Technical Support, and UNIX Technical Support groups.  Started career in 1977 at Bell Labs, Holmdel, NJ, in the Experimental Network Administration engineering group. Holder of many patents, including: www.google.com/patents/US20070100981)*

* **Mahendra Kuncham** *(Mahendra Kuncham is a Sr Technical Director at AT&T, currently managing a team of System Engineers providing AT&T cloud consultations, assist clients to onboard virtual functions onto AT&T cloud on multiple hypervisor types. Also responsible to provide high level solution designs to integrate with AT&T cloud. Mahendra joined AT&T in 2006 and been responsible in managing System Build/Planning, Tier 3 production support team(s). Mahendra came to AT&T from Sun Microsystems worked with many clients at automotive practice. Responsible to provide HA solutions, Performance Analysis & Tuning, TCO Analysis, Server Consolidation, Solaris Zones/Containers.)*
