OpenStack Discovery N Assurance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

I have developed a new and exciting Assurance tool for OpenStack in highly distributed large deployments. a new solution for cloud operations team interfaces to OpenStack API, DB and Command Line tools to gather a lot of data for analysis. it then figures out dependencies and graph the inventory and dependency in easy to navigate UI, monitors objects to provide status, statistics, runs impact analysis, root cause analysis to help OS admin to maintain their environment. I would like to share, educate participants about the major issues it solves and the methods used to tackle the problems. The solution is meant to be open-sourced soon.The tool dramatically simplifies openstack administrator maintenance and troubleshooting processes and lowers the troubleshooting, discovery time (guarantee 90% discovery, troubleshooting time reduction for many use cases). I will share my own field experiences and demonstrate how this technology enhances admin operations around openstack facilities.


* **koren lev** *(likes things that are software defined with some underlying high performing hardware to support it. i've been presenting at big conferences around the world, like cisco live, vmworld and others ... currently working for Cisco CTO organization and recently transitioned into this role from CVG (Cloud Virtualication Group @ cisco).worked as a Solution Architect in Cisco's Advanced Services Cloud and Virtualization Practice. Developed several orchestration products for openstack and other platforms. Authored some patents.  Hands-on experience with the Design, installation, administration and operation of Big Data Centers with a focus on automation. Designed and supported major Cloud related projects around Europe, spanning service providers, financial enterprises and other key customers. Holds many industry certifications from several vendors, Quadruple CCIE certification in storage, design, security and networking. experianced in large scale openstack deployments. Currently develops a unique model-driven assurance solution for openstack.)*
