ARIA - Simple, Open Orchestration for OpenStack and Other Clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

ARIA is an open, light (serverless), zero-footprint CLI-driven library of orchestration tools that other open projects can consume to easily build TOSCA-based orchestration solutions. With tight integration for OpenStack and conforming to TOSCA interoperability standards, ARIA’s open source and open governance project is a perfect fit for orchestrating application deployments on OpenStack along with other clouds in a hybrid environment.


* **Arthur Berezin** *(Arthur Berezin is an active member of the OpenStack community and a hands-on OpenStacker since the early Essex release of OpenStack in 2012. During this time Arthur has built multiple production data centers based on OpenStack, helped dozens of organizations in planning their OpenStack environments, and in executing their software defined data center strategy. Prior to OpenStack, Arthur worked on KVM virtualization management project oVirt/RHEV and open source virtualization management technologies for mission critical environments. Arthur is the Director of Product for *Cloudify* at GigaSpaces working on an open-source and open-standard cloud application orchestration platform with cloud aware applications in mind that run natively on OpenStack and other private and public clouds. Prior to Cloudify, Arthur was a Senior Technical Product Manager for OpenStack at Red Hat and Product Owner of Keystone, Heat, Horizon, RHEL OpenStack Platform Installer (Foreman/Puppet based Project Staypuft), Packstack, and OpenStack High Availability. In the past 14 years, Arthur has served in various management and technical positions in the high-tech industry, including working as a founder and technical lead of a start up, a product line lead, Linux consultant, technical pre/post sales, and as a Linux Instructor for Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE) exams. You can find Arthur on Twitter as @ArthurBerezin or on his blog at www.Berezins.com.)*
