Openstack, Ansible, & Ironic: making baremetal deployments easy!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Deploying OpenStack has been considered the wild west frontier for some time, but then along came OpenStack Ansible which has made it simple for operators to deploy production OpenStack, making use of Ansible and lxc containers. Not content with the basic set of OpenStack components, a small band of developers set out with a plan to add Ironic to the list of supported services, resulting in the development of the os_ironic role. Join us as we talk about our journey to add baremetal provisioning to the OpenStack Ansible project. We will discuss how we made it easy to deploy and support OpenStack across not just containers, but also baremetal (introducing yet another buzzword)! Come and hear about the challenges we faced, how they were overcome, and what we learnt in the process. We’ll also gaze into the future and talk about what the next steps might be, and how you can help us get there.


* **Andy McCrae** *(Andy is a software developer at Rackspace working within the Rackspace Private Cloud team. Andy began his career as a Linux Systems Administrator after completing a Masters of Engineering (MEng) majoring Computer Science at University College London (UCL). Andy specialises in Swift (Object Storage) and Ansible. Andy was previously a core reviewer on the openstack-chef project, and is now working as a core reviewer on the openstack-ansible project within OpenStack.)*

* **Michael Davies** *(Michael Davies has been working with OpenStack since 2013, as part of the Rackspace Cloud Builders Australia team, tinkering with Ironic, Nova and OpenStack-Ansible ever since. As penalty for his sins, he is now a core reviewer on the openstack-ansible-os_ironic repository. Michael is a self-proclaimed open source zealot, holds to the Agile manifesto, and is an advocate for modern software engineering practices.  All of these get him into trouble, but especially when he tries to combine them. In his spare time, Michael assists the running of the linux.conf.au open source conference, primarily through helping to lead the papers selection committee. Away from the keyboard, Michael attempts to run, pulls a pretty mean espresso, and spend as much time as he can with his wife and 3 kids, enjoying the Australian outdoors.)*
