Adaptive OpenStack Troubleshooting: Bridging the gap between logging and monitoring
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Attend this session to know about an automated system that integrates Monasca and logging services to provide the right context for an operator to triage issues. This involves creating a log handler component that listens, detects issues and configures the log levels based on the current state of issues.  A logging agent runs on service nodes and tracks the log level of services. It periodically communicates with the monitoring service over a secure channel. Any error detected in the centralized log metrics by Monasca would automatically trigger an alarm along with a feedback to the logging agent running on relevant hosts to switch the log level. This provides context in the centralized log messages when an operator watches the logging dashboard. Once the issue is resolved, Monasca auto detects this and switches the log level of the service. A Horizon dashboard will be provided to the operators to control log levels for services on demand. The session will conclude with a live demo!


* **Venkat Sundaram** *(Venkat Sundaram (TSV) is a senior software engineer with Hewlett Packard Enterprise working on developing Openstack based cloud for Enterprises - Helion Openstack  (http://www8.hp.com/us/en/cloud/helion-overview.html?jumpid=va_uezi8g75dv) TSV is the lead engineer for Helion Centralized Logging Solution using the ELK stack and Monasca. In this role, he contributes to the monasca-log-api project. He has also contributed to the development of a monascalog transport the open source logging agent, Beaver. He has contributed in the past to Keystone and Barbican projects. He has been working with Hewlett Packard for over 18 years and have a rich experience in developing and managing software for Enterprises.)*

* **Rajesh Gwalani** *(Rajesh is a seasoned product leader in the Cloud world and has successfuly built and delivered SaaS, PaaS and IaaS offerings since 2005. He is currently focussed on improving the maangeability and operabiity apsects of OpenStack to help operators run highly available, scalable, secure and cost-effective hybrid clouds for Enterprise, Telco/NFV and Service Provider segments.  )*

* **Heather Paschall** *(Heather Paschall is a software design engineer with Hewlett Packard Enterprise working on developing Helion Openstack. She is a member of the Helion Centralized Logging team which leverages the Elastic Stack and Monasca. She has contributed to the development of the monascalog transport for Beaver to ship logs to the monasca-log-api.  Heather joined Hewlett Packard enterprise in September 2015 right after graduating from college at the Colorado School of Mines. )*
