From Bare Metal to CMDB: ITIL as Code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack has demonstrated the usefulness of an infrastructure controlled as Code, through the usage of standard APIs usable from a great variety of tools (Web dashboard, CLI and Programmatic tools). But operators need to go one step further. And today the technology and the tools are there to help them bridge the gap. With a new Open Source project called Alexandria, we aim at providing a multi-purpose aggregation brick bridging the gap. It combines, through drivers, OpenStack components such as Ironic, standards such as Redfish for HW Compute resource and CMDBs such as the Open Source iTop to provide to customers a full end to end "ITIL as Code" solution. This allows operators to keep the benefits of their ITIL approach, with a central tool gathering assets, relationships, impact measurement, incident management, ... and to have a fine grained control of their infrastructure... as code. Some recorded demo will be presented to illustrate the promise of this approach.


* **Bruno Cornec** *(Bruno Cornec is Engineer of the French Ecole Centrale de Lyon. (1987)He has been managing various Unix systems since 1987 and Linux since 1993 (0.99pl14).Bruno first worked 8 years around Software Engineering and Configuration Management Systems (Build systems, Quality tools) in Unix environments.Since 1995, he is Open Source and Linux (OSL) Technology Strategist and Evangelist, initially for an HPE reseller and since 2000 for Hewlett Packard Enterprise directly in the EMEA Customer Innovation Center. Bruno is also HP WW Linux Community Lead, OSL Advocate, Helion MVP and RHCE. Bruno is a contributor in various OSL projects: MondoRescue (2001), Mageia (2003), LinuxCOE (2006), Pause (2007), Tellico (2008), FOSSology (2008), collectl (2009), Ironic (2015), python-redfish (2015). He is also project leader for MondoRescue (GPL disaster recovery solution, 2005), dploy.org (GPL deployment server, 2006), project-builder.org (GPL build service, 2007), UUWL (LGPL/MIT Unix to Unix Wrapper Library, 2011), PUSK (GPL ProLiant USB Setup Key, 2012), python-redfish (2015). He is a member of the Solution Linux/OWF/POSS Conference Board since 2006.He is also a board member of the AFUL and OpenStack-fr associations. As part of his work he has made numerous presentations for Solution Linux in France, Libre Software Meeting, NordU, Linux World UK, Linux Expo Milano, Linux.Conf.au, OSCON, Linux Symposium, Fosdem around various topics (High Availability, Deployment solutions, System management, Disaster Recovery, Package building, Cloud...) Outside computers, Bruno also likes early and baroque music, singing and playing the recorder. He's married and father of 3 kids.)*

* **Jérôme Justet** *(Jérôme is an HPE Helion OpenStack delivery expert)*
