Monitoring OpenStack: a comparison
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Operators are generally unhappy with monitoring OpenStack in general. There are too many tools. There are too many places in OpenStack that require monitoring.It's not clear how and what to monitor. The amount of monitoring will have a performance impact on the whole cloud. How do you learn information about a host / service that needs monitored beforehand? How can this information be easily / automatically discovered? Traditional service monitoring? Tenant health monitoring? Expose this monitoring to tenants? Provide monitoring as a service for tenants? What is the best approach? a comparison.


* **Roberto Hernando** *(I'm a Hybrid Cloud Architect. I have worked all my career among Systems... Linux.. Windows.. HPUX.. AIX... and how to best monitor them. Right now I'm interested in deploying OpenStack and how to operate it in the best possible way.)*

* **Eric LAJOIE** *(Eric Lajoie is a OpenStack & NFV Architecture Consultant for HP Professional Services (PS) – Helion OpenStack, Germany. In his current capacity, Eric is responsible for end to end solution design, be it IPv6, EPC, or virtualization solutions. His key interests and achievements are in design and implementation of carrier grade Helion OpenStack solutions as well as integration with SDN, EPC, LTE, VoLTE, Femto, M2M, VMware, and all flavors of Linux including RHEL, Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, and Gentoo. He is responsible for solution, design, service implementation and assessments related to service providers environments. Joined HP Enterprise in December 1st 2014 10 Years of SP Industry Experience in Networks and Telecommunication Solutions. Projects thus far: Telefonica UNICA OpenStack and NFV Project including Nuage/DCN Joined Cisco in September 2005 till end of November 2014 Projects while at Cisco: vGi-LAN virtualization proof of concept in Germany EPC field support and enablement in Japan EPC solution design in France IPv6 M2M design & implementation in UK Team Lead for Cisco's first EPC Pilot Projects in Norway IPv6 Assessment lead in Nigeria implemented IPv6 technologies CSG2 with DPI and GGSN optimization and design in USA Femto Design & Implementation in USA. CSFB Integration with Mavenir IWF in Düsseldorf Germany Industry Recognized Certifications: BS in Electrical Engineering CCNA, CCNP, CCDA, CCDP, CCIP VCA-DCV Wireless# Programming for Everybody (Python) by University of Michigan on Coursera)*
