Open Container technologies and OpenStack - Sorting through Magnum, Kuryr, the OCI & CNCF
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Containers along with next generation topics such as orchestration and serverless computing continue to draw interest across the application developer and data center operator communities because of the enormous potential of the technology and the rapid pace of change.  As the potential of Docker continues to evolve, Kubernetes emerges as the leading orchestration technology, and the OpenStack Magnum project has matured, many want to see shared governance over the baseline container specification and associated runtime and format/image to protect investments and enable confident adoption of this emerging technology. Join this session to learn the latest about the Open Container Initiative (www.opencontainers.org) and the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (cncf.io) - both collaborative projects of the Linux Foundation - that drive the latest cloud native techologies and projects and see how they relate to Magnum and Kuryr.


* **Jeffrey Borek** *(Jeff Borek is a senior technology and communications executive with over twenty years of leadership and technical experience in the Software, Telecommunications, and Information Technology/Consulting industries. He is currently the business development lead for the Open Technologies and Partnerships team - working with clients, business partners, leading industry analysts, and various open source community initiatives including; the OpenStack cloud software project, the Cloud Foundry Foundation, and the Linux Foundation. He also represents IBM as the current Chairman on the Docker Governance Advisory Board.)*

* **Daniel Krook** *(Daniel Krook is a New York area Senior Software Engineer, Distinguished IT Specialist, Master Inventor, and Member of the IBM Academy of Technology. He works with customers to create cloud solutions based on the OpenStack, Cloud Foundry, and Docker open source projects. Daniel has previously spoken on Cloud Foundry and Docker integration with OpenStack at the Juno (Atlanta), Kilo (Paris), Liberty (Vancouver), Mitaka (Tokyo), and Newton (Austin) Summits. He is also a co-organizer of the OpenStack New York and OpenStack Connecticut user groups. )*

* **Sarah Novotny** *(Sarah Novotny leads the Kubernetes Community Program for Google.  She has long been an Open Source community champion in communities such as NGINX and MySQL and ran large scale technology infrastructures before web-scale had a name.  In 2001, she co-founded Blue Gecko, which was sold to DatAvail in 2012.  She has curated teams, been a leader in customer communities focused on high availability web application and platform delivery and is a program chair emeritus for O’Reilly Media’s OSCON. Novotny talks obsessively about people, technology infrastructure and geek lifestyle.  )*
