Container Wars: The Persistence Awakens
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

One size does not fit all needs for container data persistence and each approach/storage provider has its own unique advantages/disadvantages.  Join us as we discuss solutions such as Cinder, libstorage, Ceph, and even the newly announced Torus and provide an overview for each one.  Finally, we will wrap-up the session with a demo of leveraging Cinder for container volumes.   Attendees will: Learn about different approaches to container data persistence  Get an overview of a few different options Understand how Cinder can be used in this use-case and see a demo


* **Shamail Tahir** *(I am an Offering Manager for OpenStack Initiatives at IBM Cloud and enthusiastic about technology.  In my current role, I am focused on open-source and product strategy.  I have been in the OpenStack community since 2013 and I am currently participating in the Product, Enterprise, Operator Tags, and AUC Recognition working groups along with Superuser.TV.   I am a core member of the openstack-user-stories (product WG) and OpenStack UX teams.  My background includes server/network operations, pre and post-sales engineering, as well as being a technologist focused on cloud and cloud-related eco-systems (Containers, CloudFoundry, Mesos, K8s, etc.) I am passionate about OpenStack, emerging technologies, implications of technology shifts on datacenter architectures, and driving technology adoption. You can follow me on twitter: @ShamailXD  )*

* **John Griffith** *(John Griffith, Principal Software Engineer at SolidFire, helped to create the Cinder project in OpenStack.  His primary responsibility at SolidFire is technical contributor to OpenStack and Open Source technologies.  He served as Technical Lead for the Block Storage Project since it's beginning through the Juno release, and also has held an elected seat on the OpenStack Technical Committee on and off over the past four years. John has over fifteen years of engineering experience in both hardware and software engineering.  He’s been an active user and contributor to open source for close to a decade, and has been focused on OpenStack since January of 2011. In addition to his technical contributions, John also spends a lot of his time talking to people who are interested in learning about OpenStack as well as gathering feedback from current users.)*
