What happens when DC/OS meets OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The Mesosphere Open DC/OS treats container as first class citizen, supporting container image for AppC, Docker, Linux container with OCI being planned for the near future.  Until recently, automated deployment for DC/OS is only available on AWS and Azure, but with a new bay driver in Magnum, users can now manage their DC/OS cluster in OpenStack. This brings several benefits: 1) Open DC/OS easily available in a private cloud, allowing full customization of the cluster. 2) Dynamic scaling of the cluster infrastructure 3) Advanced coordination between container auto scaling and cluster infrastructure auto scaling. In this talk, we will show how Magnum deploys and manages the DC/OS cluster in OpenStack.  We will also describe advanced support for DC/OS with storage through Docker volume driver and networking through CNI. 


* **Brad Topol** *(Dr. Brad Topol is an IBM Distinguished Engineer in the IBM Cloud Architecture and Technology organization. In his current role, Brad leads a development team focused on contributing to and improving OpenStack and he has cross-IBM responsibility for coordinating its contributions to OpenStack. Brad is an OpenStack core contributor to Keystone-Specs, Pycadf, and Heat-Translator and has personally contributed to multiple OpenStack projects including Keystone, Pycadf, Heat-Translator, and DevStack. He is a co-author of Identity, Authentication & Access Management in OpenStack, a book published by O'Reilly Media in 2015.    )*

* **Guang Ya Liu** *(Guang Ya Liu is a Senior Software Engineer in IBM CHDL (China Hardware Development Lab) and now focusing on cloud computing, data center operating system and container technology. Starting from 2013, Guang Ya act as an OpenStack Active Contributor and contribute to many projects in OpenStack including Nova, Cinder, Heat, Ceilometer, Magnum etc and he is now the Core Member of OpenStack Magnum. Starting from 2015, Guang Ya act as a Mesos Active Contributor and mainly focusing on allocator and container part for Mesos. Guang Ya is also the organizer for both Mesos and OpenStack Xi'an Meetup and successfully held several meetups for both Mesos and OpenStack in China. Visit his github here https://github.com/jay-lau  )*

* **Ton Ngo** *(Ton Ngo is a senior developer at the IBM Silicon Valley Lab and has been a core contributor to OpenStack for 3 years.  Currently he is working on Magnum, focusing on advanced networking for container, storage support, user guide, troubleshooting guide.  He also developed the Heat translator and helped improved Heat template troubleshooting.  Previously, he was with the IBM Research Lab for 16 years and has published papers on a wide range of subjects.  He spent 10 years building cloud solution for customers using IBM cloud orchestration products.Ton Ngo received his PhD in Computer Science from the University of Washington, Seattle.  He has given several talks at previous OpenStack Summits.)*
