Put a Lid on It! Secure Kubernetes Container Workloads with Production-Grade Networking
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Container orchestration engines like Swarm, Kubernetes and Mesos highlight the importance of network security that scales with growing deployments. With Cloud Native applications built by composing microservices, the ability to control traffic as it flows among these services becomes critical.  The Kubernetes Network SIG worked over last year to define Network Policy with the ability to control traffic among containerized services. At the same time, open source projects Kuryr and MidoNet have been advancing to achieve network security for containers in a simplified, distributed architecture. Removing architectural bottlenecks, Kuryr + MidoNet efficiently implement security policies through the hardened Neutron framework for use by containers in large scale environments. In this talk, we will discuss the latest updates of the Kubernetes Network SIG group, insert Neutron as a networking framework, and explore Kuryr and MidoNet networking solutions with advanced use cases.


* **Tim Hockin** *(Tim Hockin is a Senior Staff Engineer at Google. He was the co-founder for the Kubernetes project, an technical lead for Kubernetes, a container cluster management system (open-source). He is an advisor and co-maintainer of the appc spec. https://speakerdeck.com/thockin)*

* **Irena Berezovsky** *(Irena Berezovsky is a Senior Architect for Midokura. She is responsible for driving open source MidoNet compatibility across all the OpenStack projects.  An active contributor to Neutron and Nova for several releases, her noteworthy contributions to the open source community include introducing SR-IOV support into Openstack and related OSS projects like SFC, Kuryr, tricircle. Her specialties include distributed systems, open source, embedded and network management software design and architecture. Before her current position at the Midokura CTO team, Irena worked at Mellanox Data Center Solutions group, leading Mellanox product strategy and innovative technology SDN oriented integrations as well as leading Mellanox strategy for integration with OpenStack. In the past, Mrs. Irena Berezovsky led architecture and product strategy for Voltaire and Nokia Siemens Network. Mrs. Irena Berezovsky holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering and Economics from the Tel Aviv University)*

* **Cynthia Thomas** *(Cynthia is a Systems Engineer at Midokura. Her background in networking spans Data Center, Telecommunications, and Campus/Enterprise solutions. She is a frequent speaker at cloud conferences such as OpenStack Summits, OpenStack meetups and the IT Cloud Computing Conference (IC3). Cynthia has earned a number of professional certifications, including: Alcatel-Lucent Network Routing Specialist II (NRS II) written certification exams, Brocade Certified Ethernet Fabric Professional (BCEFP), Brocade Certified IP Network Professional (BCNP), and VMware Technical Sales Professional (VTSP) 5 certifications. Cynthia received her B.Sc.(Eng) and M.Sc.(Eng) from Queen’s University in Kingston, Canada.)*
