Converting a traditional app to containers: how CrowdStar built an effective ecosystem on OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this talk, mobile game developer CrowdStar will explain how and why they moved toward containers after switching to an OpenStack infrastructure provider, how refactoring a monolithic application to micro-services can be a challenge and the benefits that they hope to achieve by leveraging containers. They will also outline how they chose the best tools for the job (i.e. Kubernetes, Rancher, Prometheus) and how they stitched them together to orchestrate this containerized environment. This talk is full of practical, actionable information based on almost two years of experimentation, and solutions found to the most common challenges (including CI / CD) currently faced by DevOps departments seeking to refactor apps. Finally, Internap will lift the hood on adapting an existing OpenStack cloud to facilitate customer application containerization and operation.


* **Stephane Antoine** *(Stephane is Internap’s Senior Manager Cloud & Platform Engineering and Operations. He is in charge of the team responsible for architecting, deploying and managing the OpenStack-based IaaS platform and related services.   Stephane has been with the company since 2014 and has seen it through the adoption of OpenStack as the orchestration platform for Bare Metal servers (through Ironic) in 6 regions worldwide as well as ongoing OpenStack upgrades. His primary concerns are the deployment of Public Cloud with Baremetal support, the rollout of new features and functionality in these Openstack-based services. He works very closely with customers to make sure that their engineering / technical requirements are incorporated into future releases of our IaaS platform.)*

* **Jose Avila** *(Jose (known to all as Tachu) started out at CrowdStar 7 years ago as Director of Operations. In this role, he oversaw the architecture and operations of a portfolio of Facebook apps that reached 12 million daily active users. He was responsible for scaling these apps on a homogeneous infrastructure architecture. Now, as VP of Engineering, Tachu leads both development and operations for Covet Fashion, one of the top grossing apps in both iTunes and Google Play. His team is focused on deploying infrastructure capable of handling a high amount of users and of rendering 1 million “looks” in the app daily. Once again, his challenge is to adapt the current infrastructure so that it is scalable, portable and resilient for the future.   Tachu held engineering positions at Kickapps Corporation/Yuku, Cisco and Ezboard before joining CrowdStar. Tachu studied finance at Universidad Francisco Marroquin in Guatemala and is an avid football (as in soccer) fan.)*

* **Mark Sullivan** *(Mark has been with CrowdStar for over 7 years, starting out as a system administrator and quickly growing through the ranks. Today, Mark manages CrowdStar’s applications and ensuring that they are running optimally.  More recently, Mark has started looking at adopting container technologies to make his apps more resilient, portable and scalable.)*
