Use Magnum To Deploy Kubernetes on OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this session, we will explain to you the business driver to position Mitaka version of Magnum on OpenStack Liberty environmet to orchestrate the deployment of Kubernetes v1.3 cluster; You will hear from the speakers about the technical challenges we ran into and how we solved them in order to provide Kubernetes as a value-adding service to different organizations. For example, security enhancement of Magnum client and API, support of HA at Magnum level and at Kubernetes cluster level, access to Cinder storage as persistent volume; In addition, we will also share with audience several use cases we can run application inside containers in Kubernetes cluster.


* **Shixiong Shang** *(Shixiong Shang started his career back in 1999 at Nortel Networks. In 2005, he joined Cisco Systems and has been working in Cisco Advanced Services organization for many years on Service Provider Video solution in datacenter and cloud environments.  Shixiong put his arms around OpenStack since Folsom release to virtualize software-based video encoder applications on OpenStack. In 2013, Shixiong and his coworker, Randy Tuttle, successfully enabled OpenStack Grizzly, and then Havana releases over IPv6. The whitepapers were published and received warm acceptance from the community. Afterwards, Shixiong became active contributor to Neutron IPv6 subteam. Shixiong is a frequent speaker to local OpenStack community during meetups on various topics. He also delivered two sessions in Vancouver Summit. Right now Shixiong is CEO of CloudPerceptions, a cloud service-assurance startup company based in Raleigh, NC, USA.)*

* **Randy Tuttle** *(Randy began his career in software development for Nortel Network / Bell Northern Research in telephony-based VoIP systems. Following Nortel / BNR, Randy joined Cisco Systems Advanced Services SP Video, where he broadened his knowledge in data center and cloud eco-systems. This is where Randy was first exposed to OpenStack. Since that time, Randy has been working with OpenStack since the Havana release across various components of OpenStack, primarily in Neutron. His principle focus has been on IPv6 and its implementation in OpenStack. In the Havana release, Randy along with his colleague, Shixiong Shang, developed a PoC of IPv6 in Neutron, and then became involved with the IPv6 sub team when it formed in the Icehouse release. Randy currently works for CloudPerceptions, a cloud service-assurance startup company based in Raleigh, NC, USA. In his role at CloudPerceptions, he is responsible for defining the product evolution strategy, requirements, and architecture.)*
