Container as first class citizens of OpenStack and across multiple OpenStacks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Cloud-native applications, (Applications or Services that are container-packaged, dynamically scheduled and micro-services oriented), currently is a phrase that sums up where a lot of enterprise developers and operations staff think they are headed. To close the gap between OpenStack and "cloud-native applications", we make efforts on Networking, Storage, and Authorization/Authentication to make containers "first-class citizen". We use Kuryr to connect containers network with Neutron; we use Fuxi to allow containers use Cinder volumes. For the popular container platform Kubernetes, we make use of Keystone to be Authorization/Authentication provider for container clusters integrated with OpenStack IaaS, to support Multi-tenant scenarios. In this presentation, we will also show how Tricircle project, which aims to provide an OpenStack API gateway and networking automation, can help build container network and provision container storages across mutiple OpenStack instances.


* **Chaoyi Huang** *(Principal architect of Huawei FusionSphere (OpenStack based Cloud OS).  The initial and current PTL of the Tricircle project ( https://github.com/openstack/tricircle ) for distributed multi-site cloud and  large scale cloud. The initial and current PTL and key committer of OPNFV multisite project: https://wiki.opnfv.org/multisite The initiator, founder and core reviewer of OpenStack Kingbird project ( https://launchpad.net/kingbird, https://github.com/openstack/kingbird ) The key system architect for one tier 1 Europe operator's cloud, which is OpenStack based, covers up to multiple geographically distributed data centers, and can also integrate AWS into the cloud. He has worked in software area over 10 years from in-memory customized database to cloud computing.)*

* **Zhiyuan Cai** *(Join Huawei in April 2014. Mainly focus on Huawei public cloud maintenance and operations, and OpenStack community contribution, used to work in project like Neutron, Keystone and OpenStack Client. Now pay more effort on Tricircle, which is the project for cascading solution, and Kingbird, a newly started project for multi-site management. Recently working with engineers from NEC together to run a demo which utilizes the cascading solution to deploy web services with a database cluster backend across China and Japan.)*

* **Yin Ding** *(Dr. Yin Ding is the new generation Virtualization Technologist at Huawei IT product line. Yin is responsible for creating and communicating technical vision and strategy for Cloud Infrastructure and Container Technology business. He works closely with IT Product line R&D teams to bring the new generation cloud technology into Huawei IT products. Before joining Huawei, Yin spent over ten years at Microsoft and VMware working on platform and cloud computing. Yin holds Ph.D in Computer Science from Arizona State University, bachelor’s and master’s degrees in Computer Science from Tsinghua University.)*
