WAN Optimization using Docker Containers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

WAN optimization solutions such as Cisco® Wide Area Application Services (WAAS) have increasingly emerged as primary IT tools that organizations use to provide application acceleration, WAN bandwidth compression, and local hosting of branch-office IT services. Benefits of WAN optimization include 1. Increased user productivity while accessing centralized applications 2. Consolidation of branch servers & storage 3. Deferral of WAN bandwidth upgrade costs, and a reduced branch-office hardware footprint. Network latency over the WAN is the fundamental reason why applications perform poorly when delivered from the data center to the branch office. We attempt to negate the extra hops between VNFs in a service chain by localizing the operations, running them in containers.  


* **CB Anantha Padmanabhan** *(I am an OpenStack engineer, who loves new technologies and is always on the lookout for areas to innovate. I have been working in virtualization and cloud based technologies for the past several years. Previously worked on various components of Openstack such as Compute, Neutron, Scheduler, Cinder and Ceph. Currently working on cloud and network solutions for Cisco Systems. Have been an active participant in Openstack meetups and have presented sessions on various topics on Openstack forums. Have contributed to http://ilearnstack.com, an initiative to help newbies ramp up with the technology. Presented a talk on Optimizing NFV service chains using docker, in the OpenStack summit held at Austin in 2016. Link to the presentation : http://www.slideshare.net/AnanthCB/optimising-nfv-service-chains-on-open-stack-using-docker Presented a talk on Providing Multitenancy for Docker using keystone, in the OpenStack summit held at Austin in 2016. Link to the presentation : http://www.slideshare.net/AnanthCB/multi-tenancy-for-docker Presented a talk on Monitoring Docker and Containerised applications in the OpenStack summit held at Tokyo in 2015. Link to the presentation : http://www.slideshare.net/AnanthCB/monitoring-docker-container-and-dockerized-applications The session provided on OpenStack Rally in one of the OpenStack Meetups in India is mentioned in the Rally wikipedia page, https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Rally Link to the presentation on Rally : http://www.slideshare.net/AnanthCB/rally-baa-s-os-meetup Linkedin profile : https://in.linkedin.com/in/cbananth  )*

* **Rahul Upadhyaya** *(Has have been working in virtualization and cloud based technologies for the past four years. Previously worked on various components of Openstack such as Compute, Neutron, Scheduler, Cinder and Ceph. Currently working on cloud and network solutions for Cisco Systems. Have been an active participant in Openstack meetups and have presented sessions on various topics on Openstack forums. Founder of http://ilearnstack.com, an initiative to help newbies ramp up with the technology. Presented the talk Monitoring Docker and dockerised applications in the OpenStack Tokyo Summit in 2015.)*

* **Meenakshi Sundaram Lakshmanan** *(Been in the openstack and virtualization business for several years, enthusiastic to understand and learn new technologies. Have managed and delivered several projects around Openstack and cloud technologies. Presented on Monitoring Docker and Dockerised applications in the OpenStack Tokyo Summit in 2015. Leading engineering efforts in India for Cloud and Network Solutions group at Cisco.)*
