A Survey of Container Security in 2016: A Security Update on Container Platforms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

As the use of containers continues unabated, including in OpenStack projects like Kolla, Magnum, Kuryr, and others, it's important for developers and operators alike to understand where we stand in 2016 on container security. We had reviewed Docker engine security in a public cloud context at the OpenStack Tokyo Summit in 2015. A year has passed, and we want to look more broadly across the container ecosystem at recent security improvements and remaining open items. We'll bring attendees up to speed on the core aspects of container security, and talk about ongoing work occurring in upstream open source communities since the Tokyo Summit. We'll also look at reports like the NCC Group report covering LXC, rkt, and Docker, noting valuable recommendations and topics along the way. We will also discuss our own open source work to improve container security and to provide tools for improving application security for operators and developers alike.


* **Phil Estes** *(Phil is a Senior Technical Staff Member with IBM's Cloud Open Technologies team. The Open Technology team leads IBM's strategy and involvement in key cloud open source technologies, including Docker, Cloud Foundry, and Openstack. Phil is a core contributor and maintainer on the Docker engine project and is a leader and expert within IBM on container and cloud open source technologies. He regularly helps both IBM product teams and IBM's customers to apply container technology and concepts to their cloud strategy and implementation. Phil speaks regularly at industry conferences and meetups and enjoys helping customers and developers alike understand this fast growing ecosystem.)*

* **Salman Baset** *(Salman Baset is working as a Research Staff Member at IBM T. J. Watson Research Center. He received a PhD in Computer Science from Columbia University. His recent work at IBM has been focused on Docker security and designing, building, and securing IBM Containers. He led the design and implementation of SPEC IaaS Cloud 2016, the first industry standard cloud benchmark. He is a recipient of SPEC Presidential Award in 2016, and Young Scholars Award by Marconi Society in 2008. He is also a coauthor of RELOAD protocol (published by IETF) for building peer-to-peer communication systems.)*
