Container Orchestration Tapas: Kubernetes, Murano, Magnum and Swarm on OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Many organizations looking to adopt containers to increase speed for their developers have found OpenStack to be their path to production because OpenStack provides a single platform and set of APIs for virtual machines, bare metal, and containers. Containers are a hot commodity for developers these days but orchestration is where containerized application can reach production grade.  On the other hand, developers have always been told to ignore the underlying infrastructure when moving to the cloud, so the question here is, why should they care about the container orchestrator? The answer is that developers still need to be able to deploy at least a basic architecture to build and test, so it's important to make things as simple as possible.  Fortunately, OpenStack provides multiple easy-to-use options such as Murano and Magnum, and we're going to look at -- and demo! -- them in this session.


* **Ayrat KHAYRETDINOV** *(Ayrat Khayretdinov is Openstack Deployment and Migration Engineer at CloudOps. Was part of large scale Openstack deployment AIC and migration project in ATT. Currently involved in Live Swift cluster Migration for public cloud provider Cloud.ca. In his free time Ayrat is organizing and presenting on OpenStack, Docker and Kubernetes meetups in Montreal. In the past Ayrat worked with OSS and BSS solution integration, migration and monitoring at Ericsson. Ayrat graduated with Master degree in Electrical Engineering from Concordia University, Montreal, Canada )*

* **Stacy Véronneau** *(Cloud Evangelist, Technical Lead with a business know-how, avid GTD methodology user, Open Source advocate and crowd-funding believer. Specialized in global solutions delivery and management in areas as diverse as publishing, finance the mobile and telecom world. I excel in implementing and managing solutions that enables companies to develop and transform their IT infrastructures while maximizing their return on investment.  For OpenStack, this means Day 1 validation but mostly Day2 discussion with customers. <<OpenStack Cloud builder since Grizzly>> "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." -- Arthur C. Clarke)*

* **Ihor Dvoretskyi** *(Ihor is an experienced engineer at Mirantis, responsible the for projects tightly bound to Cloud computing, containerized workloads and Linux systems. He is deeply interested in OpenStack cloud platform, other cloud technologies, especially the Open Source projects. Also, Ihor acts as the Kubernetes upstream contributor and OpenStack Special Interest group lead (SIG-OpenStack) at Kubernetes Community, working intensely on the questions and abilities, related to OpenStack and Kubernetes collaboration and integration.)*
