Beyond Neutron: all you wanted to know about container networking but were too afraid to ask
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

As OpenStack users, we are all familiar with Neutron and how it handles networking for our virtual machines. But in a world where an important part of our workloads are being moved to microservices running on containers, how can we efficiently handle secure and high-performance networking for these containers? And how do those containers communicate with the rest of the OpenStack cloud and the outside world? Is there a way to connect both worlds, and does it make sense at all to connect them? This session will address how the currently available solutions for container networking intersect with the OpenStack Neutron networking model. It will also present several open-source and commercial networking solutions for containers and discuss how they work in OpenStack, and inside Container Orchestration environments such as Mesos, DC/OS, Docker Swarm, and Kubernetes. Finally, we will show a demo of how networking works both in an OpenStack and a Container environment.


* **Fernando Sanchez** *(Fernando is a cloud architect specialized in software networking and distributed systems. He's a frequent speaker at Openstack meetups, and has more than four years experience in implementing all sorts of private clouds, ranging from small enterprise to Fortune 100 companies and Service Providers. He works at Mesosphere, where he’s passionate about building cloud solutions to help his customers achieve their business goals.)*

* **Fawad Khaliq** *(Fawad has been a member of the OpenStack community for over four years and a core developer in the Networking ecosystem. He has contributions in several OpenStack projects including Neutron, Nova, Kuryr, Magnum, DevStack. He is also the author and maintainer of networking-plumgrid subproject under Neutron umbrella and has over four years experience in implementing software defined networking, containers, high availability, distributed system and APIs. Fawad is a Senior Software Engineer at PLUMgrid, where he is involved in design and development of cloud computing software components, solving networking problem for new technologies and representing PLUMgrid in various open source forums. Currently, he is working on improving the area of container networking in the OpenStack, Docker and Mesos communities. In future, he plans to solve the problem of application service discovery inside the OpenStack ecosystem. )*
