Multi-tenancy and advanced networking for containers in OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In our previous OpenStack Summit talk, we showed how Kubernetes and Swarm containers can be hosted efficiently on the same OpenStack infrastructure through Mesos.  Even better efficiency can be achieved with multi-tenancy on the same cluster, allowing resources to be shared among containers from multiple tenants in a flexible manner.  Multi-tenancy does introduce new requirements on the infrastructure and management software, such as name space and advanced networking to isolate containers from different tenants. In this talk, we will explore the issues in providing multi-tenancy for containers and show how this can be achieved on OpenStack. The end result is an environment on OpenStack that can host Kubernetes and Swarm containers from multiple tenants.


* **Ton Ngo** *(Ton Ngo is a senior developer at the IBM Silicon Valley Lab and has been a core contributor to OpenStack for 3 years.  Currently he is working on Magnum, focusing on advanced networking for container, storage support, user guide, troubleshooting guide.  He also developed the Heat translator and helped improved Heat template troubleshooting.  Previously, he was with the IBM Research Lab for 16 years and has published papers on a wide range of subjects.  He spent 10 years building cloud solution for customers using IBM cloud orchestration products.Ton Ngo received his PhD in Computer Science from the University of Washington, Seattle.  He has given several talks at previous OpenStack Summits.)*

* **Brad Topol** *(Dr. Brad Topol is an IBM Distinguished Engineer in the IBM Cloud Architecture and Technology organization. In his current role, Brad leads a development team focused on contributing to and improving OpenStack and he has cross-IBM responsibility for coordinating its contributions to OpenStack. Brad is an OpenStack core contributor to Keystone-Specs, Pycadf, and Heat-Translator and has personally contributed to multiple OpenStack projects including Keystone, Pycadf, Heat-Translator, and DevStack. He is a co-author of Identity, Authentication & Access Management in OpenStack, a book published by O'Reilly Media in 2015.    )*

* **Paolo Dettori** *(Paolo Dettori is a Senior Technical Staff Member at the IBM Watson Research Lab. His research interests are in distributed systems, cloud and open source technologies. He received his M.S. in 1991 in electrical engineering from the Polytechnic University of Turin, Italy, and joined IBM in 1992. Since then he has worked as lead architect on a number of projects focused on cloud technologies. Currently, he is a lead architect for the IBM Containers Service. Mr. Dettori authored and co-authored several journal and conference papers and holds 12 patents issued in the U.S. on multimedia technologies, Business Process Management and distributed systems.)*
