Monitoring Engine for Linked Containers and Application stack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Based on interest received after the last presentation, http://www.slideshare.net/AnanthCB/monitoring-docker-container-and-dockerized-applications we would like to demo a running instance of the monitoring engine integrated with Elastic Search, Logstash, Kibana and Pandas. 1. Demo the traffic and utilization among linked containers 2. Aggregated metrics for apps spread across containers - monitoring applications across docker instances & application classification (DB, Webserver, etc.,) 3. Proactive log based errors, alerts and suggestions to take corrective measures - Ex:Alerts to suggest that the drive is about to be full when a threshold is reached. 4. Custom queries and ability to extrapolate metrics - Ex: The number of times a particular error was seen or SLA was not met  5. Intelligent suggestions to help effective resource planning - Ex: Depending on load / usage trend, application stack can be scaled out


* **CB Anantha Padmanabhan** *(I am an OpenStack engineer, who loves new technologies and is always on the lookout for areas to innovate. I have been working in virtualization and cloud based technologies for the past several years. Previously worked on various components of Openstack such as Compute, Neutron, Scheduler, Cinder and Ceph. Currently working on cloud and network solutions for Cisco Systems. Have been an active participant in Openstack meetups and have presented sessions on various topics on Openstack forums. Have contributed to http://ilearnstack.com, an initiative to help newbies ramp up with the technology. Presented a talk on Optimizing NFV service chains using docker, in the OpenStack summit held at Austin in 2016. Link to the presentation : http://www.slideshare.net/AnanthCB/optimising-nfv-service-chains-on-open-stack-using-docker Presented a talk on Providing Multitenancy for Docker using keystone, in the OpenStack summit held at Austin in 2016. Link to the presentation : http://www.slideshare.net/AnanthCB/multi-tenancy-for-docker Presented a talk on Monitoring Docker and Containerised applications in the OpenStack summit held at Tokyo in 2015. Link to the presentation : http://www.slideshare.net/AnanthCB/monitoring-docker-container-and-dockerized-applications The session provided on OpenStack Rally in one of the OpenStack Meetups in India is mentioned in the Rally wikipedia page, https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Rally Link to the presentation on Rally : http://www.slideshare.net/AnanthCB/rally-baa-s-os-meetup Linkedin profile : https://in.linkedin.com/in/cbananth  )*

* **Rahul Upadhyaya** *(Has have been working in virtualization and cloud based technologies for the past four years. Previously worked on various components of Openstack such as Compute, Neutron, Scheduler, Cinder and Ceph. Currently working on cloud and network solutions for Cisco Systems. Have been an active participant in Openstack meetups and have presented sessions on various topics on Openstack forums. Founder of http://ilearnstack.com, an initiative to help newbies ramp up with the technology. Presented the talk Monitoring Docker and dockerised applications in the OpenStack Tokyo Summit in 2015.)*

* **Meenakshi Sundaram Lakshmanan** *(Been in the openstack and virtualization business for several years, enthusiastic to understand and learn new technologies. Have managed and delivered several projects around Openstack and cloud technologies. Presented on Monitoring Docker and Dockerised applications in the OpenStack Tokyo Summit in 2015. Leading engineering efforts in India for Cloud and Network Solutions group at Cisco.)*
