Consuming IT: How to shift from fixed IT cost allocation to an on-demand model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

The legacy Enterprise IT model is constraining. As the world moves to agile IT consumption, enterprises are limited in how they can adapt their IT cost allocation to a flexbile, on-demand model. Why allocate 12 months of IT costs to a project when AWS charges for services consumed by the hour? This presentation will show how Enterprises can evolve from their fixed IT cost allocation models to a more dynamic, on-demand cost allocation model, turbo-charging their agile IT initiatives. A case study of how an Enterprise made this successful shift will be presented in detail.


* **Francesco Paola** *(Francesco has over 20 years of global leadership experience in diverse industries, where he has focused on building great teams and developing innovative and strategic solutions for customers. As a serial entrepreneur, he has a proven track record of success building and launching venture-backed businesses—from founding through IPO or acquisition—in rapidly growing industry sectors. Francesco is a leader and contributor in developing cloud computing strategies for Fortune 1000 firms, and has contributed to the proliferation of global cloud infrastructure deployments, including leading the development of cloud go to market strategies for global enterprises and service providers, managing the architecture development, integration and deployment for large-scale Public and Private cloud infrastructures for global telcos and CSPs. Prior to co-founding Solinea, Francesco held leadership positions at several technology and services companies at the forefront of their industries – Cloudscaling, IronRidge, Trinity Partners/ WNS Global Services, Scient, and Cambridge Technology Partners. He received his MBA from the Haas School of Business at the University of California at Berkeley, and his B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.)*
