Billing OpenStack with Ceilometer  - How Bits get to Coins.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In recent times, more and more companies migrate their infrastructure stack onto OpenStack. But when it comes to the challenge of building a cloud and billing its users, they fail due to missing appropriate solutions. The available ones are often lacking of necessary features, are inflexible and even cost intensive. Additionally the solutions often need intensive and complex configuration to be even able to collect data relevant for billing purposes. A question arising through those challenges is:Can OpenStack be billed by itself?During his talk Christian Brinker answers this with a clear ‘Yes’. He points out, how only based on Ceilometer the relevant data can be collected and processed. Backed up by his experiences from public and private Cloud projects, he presents common mistakes in the configuration of Ceilometer and shows ways to automatically derive invoices from Ceilometers raw data. Thereby topics like scalability or the connection to third-party systems are discussed as well.


* **Christian Brinker** *(As long-standing member of the evoila Cloud Automation and Technology Team Christian Brinker is well experienced in Cloud environments and special skills in software development, automation and virtualization.  Evoila develops Cloud strategies and engineers tools for Cloud enablement. Also he has outstanding experience in big data and data science with international scientific publications in the field of machine learning. Nowadays his focus is the development of software architectures in customized XaaS solutions. He developed many solutions in and for enterprise OpenStack Clouds. His knowledge is shared in trainings and conference talks like the German OpenStack Days. In his career he repeatedly participated in projects developing automatic billing systems for different cloud systems. Starting with a student's project that caught the attention of his current employer he gained broad knowledge of design and architecture strategies towards this problem domain.)*
