Building your technology castell, cloud startup funding scene in Europe
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Startups have always been a critical force in driving innovation in software and platforms. OpenStack and Docker has spawned a vibrant ecosystem of startups that are finding innovative new ways to serve customer needs and deliver value on top of OpenStack and containers. However, access to capital to support development and growth within these companies is sometimes complicated, but also critical.   This esteemed panel includes both startups that have been successful in attracting essential capital, and ventures capitalists who are actively investing in OpenStack and container technology startups. The panel will have a particular focus on the funding situation and startup scene in Barcelona and more broadly, in Europe.


* **Scott Mackin** *(Scott Mackin is the founder and editor of Barcinno. Scott started Barcinno in 2012 to create and share quality, organic content telling the stories of the entrepreneurial community in Barcelona and to build a platform for startups looking for international exposure. Scott is an MBA graduate of the University of San Diego and works at Bourbon Creative providing brand strategy and content marketing to growing companies. Follow him @ScottJMackin or on LinkedIn.)*

* **Àlex  Rodríguez Bacardit** *(Àlex Rodríguez Bacardit is the CMO & Co-founder at MarsBased and Regional Director at Startup Grind, Southern Europe (Portugal, Spain, Italy, Austria, Switzerland) MarsBased is a development consultancy from Barcelona offering end‑to‑end web & mobile apps based on Ruby on Rails, AngularJS and Ionic framework. In just two years, Àlex has grown the MarsBased to ten employees plus five full-time freelancers. Their clients range from the US, all throughout Europe, to Singapore. Àlex is the Regional Director of Startup Grind, responsible for the expansion of Startup Grind into Southern Europe (Portugal, Spain, Italy, Austria, Switzerland). Based in Barcelona, he is also responsible for the Barcelona chapter of Startup Grind as well. Powered by Google for Entrepreneurs, Startup Grind is a global community for entrepreneurs (200 cities in 80 countries). Alex is also a mentor in Project Youngfish. YoungFish was born in 2013 in Barcelona under the name of 15×2. Back then Spain was experiencing over 52% of unemployment among youth. YoungFish was conceptualized and designed to supercharge and empower the inner talent of every youngster by giving them the right tools and mindset.  )*

* **Carlos  Cruz Rastrojo** *(Carlos Cruz Rastrojo is the founder of Iyiyim, a Barcelona-based marketing and event management services startup. In addition, Carlos is also the director for Startup Grind Barcelona, responsible for inspiring and connecting entrepreneurs to enterpreneurs, to investors and turning Barcelona into a world-class city for enterpreneurship and funding destination.  )*

* **Dan Mihai Dumitriu** *(Dan is responsible for the technical innovation and development of designing, building and operating Midokura technology. Prior to founding Midokura, Dan served as Chief Architect at Ballista Securities, a New York City ATS offering an electronic block trading system for options. Dan has also served as Senior Researcher at NGI Group, Technical Lead at Amazon.com, Researcher at Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Senior Researcher at Sony Electronics, and Technical Lead at Reliable Network Solutions. Dan holds a Master of Engineering and a Bachelor of Arts, both in Computer Science, from Cornell University. He is a co-author of numerous research papers, holds several patents in the field of distributed computing, and is an expert in cloud computing technology.)*
