A Workload-Centric View of OpenStack Cloud Economics moderated by Owen Rogers, 451 Research
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Industry analysts like 451 Research are enabling buyers to have transparency over complex pricing models of public clouds, including TCO. As more and more CIOs are considering hybrid cloud and key question becomes what measurements can CIOs rely on to make apples to apples comparisons between public, hybrid and on-premise private solutions? In this session, each of the panelists will bring their POV on pricing models based on their experience operating public and/or private OpenStack clouds. Panelists include Juniper, a provider of OpenStack Distro and networking; GoDaddy, an operator of public and private clouds based on OpenStack; Midokura, a provider of software network virtualization and OpenStack operator; 6Fusion, a provider of vendor-agnostic Workload Allocation Cube (WAC) for cloud cost optimization. They will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the various OpenStack consumption models (Managed, Distro, DIY) and cost models in the context of the application workloads.


* **Scott Sneddon** *(Scott Sneddon is Senior Director, SDN and Virtualization at Juniper Networks where he spends most of his time evangelizing the benefits of Network Virtualization and Software Defined Networking. Previous experience includes Principle Architect at Nuage Networks, Chief Architect at Vyatta Inc, Consulting Engineer at Juniper Networks, Consulting Engineer Alcatel-Lucent, and Director of Network Architecture at Exodus Communications. His background is in architecting large scale Cloud environments and service provider MPLS networks. He was talking about network virtualization before network virtualization was cool.)*

* **Dan Mihai Dumitriu** *(Dan is responsible for the technical innovation and development of designing, building and operating Midokura technology. Prior to founding Midokura, Dan served as Chief Architect at Ballista Securities, a New York City ATS offering an electronic block trading system for options. Dan has also served as Senior Researcher at NGI Group, Technical Lead at Amazon.com, Researcher at Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Senior Researcher at Sony Electronics, and Technical Lead at Reliable Network Solutions. Dan holds a Master of Engineering and a Bachelor of Arts, both in Computer Science, from Cornell University. He is a co-author of numerous research papers, holds several patents in the field of distributed computing, and is an expert in cloud computing technology.)*

* **Shaheeda Nizar** *(Shaheeda leads teams in building cloud Infrastructure and Platform As A Service on top of OpenStack using Docker and Kubernetes. She advises the CTO on the company's technical strategy and set technical direction on implementation and oversee execution. She also influences product teams within the company to adopt technologies and solutions built by her engineering teams. Shaheeda also build high performance teams. She recruits and inspires top-notch technical talent to deliver amazing business results.)*

* **Delano Seymour** *(Delano is a founder of 6fusion and co-inventor of 6fusion’s WAC algorithm. He is the principal architect of 6fusion’s UC6 software platform, which provides metering and analytics for Enterprise IT Financial Intelligence. Delano is a pioneer in his field, and has been called a ‘technical visionary’ holding two patents in utility computing. As Chief Technology Officer of 6fusion, he is responsible for all aspects of the company’s technology development. A gifted engineer and software developer, Delano has served as a Senior IT resource within both public and private sectors, and the founder of a profitable Managed Services company in the Caribbean. He has spoken at prestigious industry forums such as Cloud Expo Container & Microservices Summit, Red Hat Summit, OpenShift Commons Briefings, and has been interviewed by SiliconANGLE TV ‘the Cube’. Delano is a native Bermudian.)*

* **Owen Rogers** *(As Research Director, Owen leads 451 Research's Digital Economics Unit, which serves to help customers understand the economics behind digital and cloud technologies so they can make informed choices when costing and pricing their own products and services, as well as those from their vendors, suppliers and competitors. Owen is the architect of the Cloud Price Index, 451 Research's benchmark indicator of the costs of public, private and managed clouds, and the Cloud Price Codex, our global survey of cloud pricing methods and mechanisms. Owen has previously held product management positions at Cable & Wireless and Claranet, and has developed a number of hosting and cloud services. In 2013, he completed his PhD thesis on the economics of cloud computing at the University of Bristol. He is a Chartered Engineer, a Member of the British Computer Society and a member of the Royal Economic Society.)*
