Snapdeal's Journey from Public to Hybrid Cloud
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

India's largest e-commerce marketplace, Snapdeal is migrating to a Hybrid cloud built on Openstack. India's growth story has been unprecedented lately fueled by the proliferation of smartphones. Snapdeal is at the center of this digital revolution being the largest e-commerce marketplace in the country. Snapdeal was born in the cloud, but public clouds stops being cost efficient after an inflection point. Last year we decided to build our own private cloud and in a short 10 months period we have successfully built our Hybrid cloud using 100% opensource, with Openstack being at the heart. Our cloud is spanned across 2 Datacenter regions, has highly dense compute architecture with 70000 cores, 10 PB of storage and a 100G SDN infrastructure. We are running on community release of Openstack Kilo customized for our needs. I'll share some of the choices that we have made & the key learnings during this phenomenal journey, followed by a quick demo of our hybrid capabilities.


* **Gaurav Gupta** *(https://www.linkedin.com/in/gagupta79 For the last 14 years years I am building enterprise products for datacenters and cloud platforms. I am currently the VP and Head of Cloud Platform and Services of one of the largest e-commerce companies in India, Snapdeal, where we are building our next generation Hybrid Cloud Platform based on Openstack. Before that I was the India Head and VP of Engineering of ScaleArc, a bay area startup building DBaaS and before that I was a founding engineer at CloudVelox, a cloud computing startup building DRaaS on AWS and Openstack. I have contributed to Opensack nova-volumes and python-novaclient projects in the past and am involved in architecting, designing and building large cloud deployments for enterprises. I hold US 4 patents and several IEEE publications. I hold Master's degree in Computer Science from University of Maryland.)*
