Do OpenStack Private Clouds Provide Cost Savings Over Public Clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This session is for OpenStack operators that want to hear about on-premise OpenStack total-cost-of-ownership (TCO) from their peers. A panel of OpenStack customers will discuss public cloud vs. OpenStack private cloud TCO. Let’s face it, everybody talks about benefits such as Agile IT etc. but when it comes down to it, cost often becomes the most important consideration. With a public cloud, you get a monthly bill telling you exactly how much it cost. However, private cloud costs are not always obvious or easy to measure. So how should operators compare these two different implementations? This user panel will discuss topics such as: do you really save money with a private cloud? If so, why and how much? What are some obvious considerations? What are some non-intuitive or non-obvious considerations? Additionally the panel will talk about best practices that can lead to solid TCO savings and mistakes that could destroy any TCO savings.


* **Nicolas Brousse** *(Speaker's Bio: Nicolas Brousse is Senior Director of Operations Engineering at TubeMogul (NASDAQ: TUBE). The company's sixth employee and first operations hire, Nicolas has grown TubeMogul's infrastructure over the past seven years from several machines to over two thousand servers that handle billions of requests per day for clients like Allstate, Chrysler, Heineken and Hotels.com. Prior to TubeMogul, Nicolas was an IT leader at companies such as MediaPlazza, Kewego, and Lycos France. Nicolas has recently been working on a public cloud to private cloud migration effort and has spoken to conference such as Velocity, SuiteWorld, SRECon, USENIX LISA, and PuppetCamp.   https://nicolas.brousse.info/ https://www.shell-tips.com/ http://lanyrd.com/profile/nicolasbrousse/)*

* **Christian Carrasco** *(Christian has almost two decades of experience working with data center and web technologies.  He currently advises companies on cloud strategies and best practices. He was the Chief Technology Officer for Gigasecond, a company specializing in private cloud computing technologies for the US government and private sector.  Most recently, he was the Chief Technology Officer for EduMetrics, an edtech company whose cloud platform gathered non-cognitive data from US schools. He has also founded startups for which he helped achieve investments and attain profitable exits.)*

* **Peter Lopez** *(Peter leads corporate architecture for Cloud Technologies, Platform Development and operational methodologies at Technicolor. He has been responsible for architecting an SDDC implementation leveraging existing technologies and services while establishing cloud services both on premise and off. Prior to Technicolor, Peter led systems architecture and engineering at companies such as Walt Disney, Northrop Grumman, Nicholas Enterprises and Westfiled. Peter has spoken at conferences such as Citrix Synergy, DockerCon, Okta Oktaine, ArchiTECHS Spring Invitational and CloudStack Collaboration Conference.)*

* **Amar Kapadia** *(Amar Kapadia is senior director of product marketing at Mirantis, the pure-play OpenStack company. Amar is also an OpenStack blogger and published his first book on OpenStack Swift in 2013. Before Mirantis, Amar was at EVault, where he helped build EVault's public cloud storage, called Long-Term Storage Service (LTS2) using OpenStack Swift. He has also worked at Emulex, VLSI, and HP on data center infrastructure technologies. Amar has an  MS in EE from UC Berkeley. Amar has also spoken at conferences such as OpenStack summit and Clouded Leopards Den.)*
