Oh! Oh! Oh! DEPLOY! DEPLOY! (aka Triple-O Deployment Model)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Every distribution seems to have their own OpenStack installer. Weighing the pros and cons of the different installers is a presentation of its own. In this session, we’re focusing on the TripleO installer.The TripleO deployment model utilizes OpenStack. This is sometimes confusing, but it can be disastrous if you accidentally do something in the wrong cloud. In this presentation, we will cover the basics of the TripleO deployment model and start to unravel the mysteries of the process where one cloud becomes two. We'll start by covering basic TripleO terminology and end with a review of the templates that are utilized by OpenStack to deploy OpenStack.


* **Darin Sorrentino** *(Darin has over 18 years of IT experience, wearing various hats over the years ranging from application development to database administrator to system administrator to enterprise architect.  It is his experience in such broad categories that allows him to help others in understanding and utilizing cloud platforms such as OpenStack to effectively deliver solutions that make sense.  Darin is currently working as an OpenStack Senior Solutions Architect on the Red Hat OpenStack Tiger Team assisting in Proof of Concept deployments, technical deep dives and assistance with problem resolution.  Prior to working at Red Hat, Darin's previous OpenStack experience was helping a value added reseller (VAR) devise a cloud strategy to deliver for government agencies and prior to that, working for Mirantis.)*

* **Ken Savich** *(Ken started his early career as a software engineer in the early days of the Internet, for Chicago's largest ISP -- InterAccess. Before moving to Austin TX in 2003, Ken co-authored the book "Peter Norton's Complete Guide to Linux", which specifically highlighted Red Hat Linux.   After having worked as a developer for various local Austin companies, Ken finally landed at Rackspace in 2006. This would be the beginning of a nine-year journey that saw the creation of OpenStack and found Ken in positions as a developer, an architect and finally as an engineer leading the OpenStack Keystone/Cloud Identity team at Rackspace.   Ken currently works for Red Hat, as a Senior OpenStack Architect, in what is a longtime dream to work for a truly open company.  )*
