From Venti Lattes to Valet Parking: Wacky Analogies to Explain OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Trying to explain what you do (and why it matters) to friends at the bar, other parents at the PTA, or your relative? Does your new hire or intern truly get it? What about the CFO who has to sign a big check for services ... but really needs to wrap her head around what her company is buying first? We're here to help developers, salespeople and everyone who answers questions about OpenStack to better articulate what we offer, how it works, and how users can benefit. For example:  What's the difference between object storage and block storage? How does networking work in the cloud? Why do for-profit companies benefit from an open source project (and bother contributing back to it)? Both technical and non-technical people will benefit from this fun, irreverant and enlightening chat. We compare OpenStack and its services to everything from cake to valet parking in an effort to help everyone understand how OpenStack functions.


* **Heidi Joy Tretheway ** *(At the OpenStack Foundation, Heidi Joy focuses on brand, content and community marketing, and spearheads the User Survey. Previously, Heidi Joy was director of marketing communications for a mobile software company, head of global communications for a commercial real estate firm, and a business journalist. She is a frequent public speaker on topics including women in tech, content marketing, writing and publishing. She is also the author of eight books.)*

* **Shamail Tahir** *(I am an Offering Manager for OpenStack Initiatives at IBM Cloud and enthusiastic about technology.  In my current role, I am focused on open-source and product strategy.  I have been in the OpenStack community since 2013 and I am currently participating in the Product, Enterprise, Operator Tags, and AUC Recognition working groups along with Superuser.TV.   I am a core member of the openstack-user-stories (product WG) and OpenStack UX teams.  My background includes server/network operations, pre and post-sales engineering, as well as being a technologist focused on cloud and cloud-related eco-systems (Containers, CloudFoundry, Mesos, K8s, etc.) I am passionate about OpenStack, emerging technologies, implications of technology shifts on datacenter architectures, and driving technology adoption. You can follow me on twitter: @ShamailXD  )*

* **Tyler Britten** *(Tyler has spent the last 15 years working with cloud, virtualization, and infrastructure technologies. Prior to joining Blue Box, an IBM Company, Tyler was a Principal Technical Marketing Manager and a vSpecialist at EMC. He also worked as a technical consultant for a small infrastructure reseller, a network engineer for a Fortune 1000 company, and also freelanced as an IT consultant for small businesses.)*
