From How-To to POC to Production: Learning By Building
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

One does not simply learn how to build production-grade OpenStack! The major distributions (and scripted installs like Devstack) have taken the guesswork out of getting OpenStack up and running. Gone are the days of spending days building your first OpenStack cloud using the how-to on openstack.org. But without this, how does one really learn the intricacies of OpenStack? And what happens when it's time to build your first production-grade cloud? A highly available OpenStack cloud consists of much more than just the big tent projects... numerous other open source applications are involved in making it work. And there's a gap in documentation between proof of concept and production creating a bigger leap than should exist. In this session we'll demonstrate what it takes to actually go from How-To to POC to production-grade OpenStack, filling in the gaps that exist and learning along the way. 


* **Grant Kirkwood** *(Grant Kirkwood is the founder and CTO of Unitas Global, a provider of custom Enterprise Cloud solutions for organizations around the world. The company offers its solutions to mid- and large-size enterprise, operating from 35 datacenter deployments worldwide.  A serial entrepreneur and technologist at heart, Grant has always been at the forefront of open source technologies. His first company began offering web application development and hosting based on open source technologies in 1997. At Unitas, he serves as an advocate for adoption of OpenStack, leading its development efforts but Grant also spends much of his time talking with customers to help them formulate a cloud adoption strategy.  Before founding Unitas Global, Mr. Kirkwood served as CTO of PacketExchange, a London-based global network service provider. Prior to PacketExchange, he founded Mzima Networks, a performance-optimized bandwidth operator for web and online video applications. Grant is a frequent presenter and industry analyst at events around the world. Most recently he spoke about open source and specifically OpenStack at the Datacloud Europe event in Monaco held June 8-10.)*
