Openstack Techtorial by Cisco
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack is an open source, standards based cloud orchestration and services platform that has taken industry relevance both in Private and Public Cloud Deployments, mainly because its modular and flexible architecture. As any other open source software, OpenStack has its challenges from the design, deployment, implementation and operations perspective. Both Enterprises and Cloud/SP providers are looking for solutions that integrate OpenStack smoothly and help them to solve their pains, decrease costs and increase margins by creating new Cloud Services faster. Cisco is aware of the challenges and customers needs around OpenStack and we have been very engaged since the creation of OpenStack Foundation. This is a beginner full-day techtorial and it is directed to those who are new in Openstack but wants to understand from what is cloud to the openstack architecture. We will also provide an overview of latest OpenStack Release and how Openstack Community works.


* **Hector Morales** *(Hector Morales is a Senior Cloud Lead Architect in Cloud and Business Services Group for Global Service Provider Organization responsible of Cisco Cloud Collaboration and IoT Architectures. He supports sales engineering and business development on Next-Gen Collaboration and IoT, Cisco Cloud Architectures, Virtual Managed Services and NFV Opportunities. He is also a Technical Speaker on Openstack Architecture and Operations and Cloud Collaboration Architecture, member of Openstack Community and Technical Advisor. He also supports the development of SP Cloud Solutions, New Consumption Models and Cloud Architectures.With a successful 21 year professional career in the Technology Industry and broad experience on technical sales and strategic complex opportunities, he has served as Trusted Advisor in Customer Boards and Business Units. Currently is chairman in Appllications for Future Internet Organization in the European Alliance for Innovation. BS on Electrical Engineering from Monterrey Institute of Technology and MBA from Thunderbird School of Managament, Phoenix University.  )*

* **Faustino Aranda** *(Faustino is a Systems Engineer, based in México City. Faustino's experience  includes the architecture design, development, coding, setup and operation of VoIP, Orchestration/automation and Cloud solutions. He joined Cisco in june 2012 as the Consulting Systems Engineer responsible of supporting Cisco Cloud automation and orchestration solutions across LATAM; he is currently the Data Center and Cloud Systems Engineer for Service Providers in Mexico.)*
