The Operators’ View on the Certified OpenStack Administrator Exam
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack has become a sought-after skillset for IT professionals. Now, more than ever, employers are looking to certifications for validation to ensure that they are hiring the right skill sets from the marketplace. However, with the plethora of vendor-specific certifications, it is a challenge to determine which job candidates have the necessarily skills to operate OpenStack clouds. Enter the Certified OpenStack Administration (COA) program and exam: developed by a dozen companies from 10 countries who established a community working group to define skills and capabilities needed. The hands-on exam tests real ops skills, rather than delivering another paper certification. Hear from a panel of operators that have already passed the COA and get their perspective on how best to prepare for the exam. No, we won’t divulge the test questions, but attendees will receive sage advice from those who have achieved certification so that they can improve their chances of passing.


* **Ron Terry** *(Ron Terry has worked in the IT industry for close to 2 decades He has held positions ranging from Computer Technician to System Administrator to Technical Training Architect. Ron has been employed by SUSE since May of 2005 and is currently working as an Advanced Technical Training Engineer both developing and delivering Advanced Technical Training around Linux and OpenStack throughout the world. In addition to SUSE, Ron has developed Linux training materials for companies including Canonical, TestOut Corporation and Professional Network Consulting (a consulting and training company owned by Ron). Ron has recently been participating on the commity tasked with developing the Certified OpenStrack Administrator exam. Ron currently resides in Utah, USA with his wife, son and 3 daughters.)*

* **Robert Starmer** *(With 20+ years in systems automation and datacenter applications, I find all things cloud interesting, with a focus on all of the automating possible these days!  Intrested in enabling operable OpenStack with bare-metal, virtualized, and conterized compute, the CAPS tools, and Dev/Ops CI/CD pipelines as well as enabling performance and scale for multi-tenant services.)*

* **Samir Ibradžić** *(At Midokura, I take care about internal IT infrastructure, whose main part is the 'MidoCloud', a production level MidoNet based OpenStack private cloud, split over 2 datacenter worldwide. Prior to Midokura, I worked mainly with VoIP systems, as a distributed and HA infrastructure architect. I earned a Master's Degree at Tokyo Institue of Technology in 2009.  )*

* **Susan Wu** *(Susan is the Director of Technical Marketing at Midokura. Member of the OpenStack Foundation Item Writing (IWC) and Job Task Analysis (JTAC) groups for Certified OpenStack Administrator (COA) exam. Contributing writer to the OpenStack: A Business Perspective booklet and to OpenStack: The Path to Cloud booklet Susan previously led product positions for Oracle/Sun, Citrix, AMD and Docker. She is a frequent speaker for industry conferences like OSCON, Container World, Linuxcon/Cloudopen/Containercon, Open Networking Summit, All Things Open, Interzone, Data360/Cloudcon and Data Storage Innovation. Honored by the Cloud Network of Women (CloudNOW) organization as one of the Top Women in Cloud for 2013, Susan is passionate about advancing womens' contribution to the cloud industry and serves on the Board of Directors for CloudNOW.  )*
