High-performance filesystem integration - current practices and war stories
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

OpenStack is now a hot topic in the HPC world. Whether it’s using OpenStack as a bare-metal provisioning service or looking to offer a flexible, integrated IaaS close to primary HPC. However, the question of how to integrate a HPFS with OpenStack is not yet well answered. Little wonder it was one of the priority areas surfaced by the Scientific WG in Austin. This panel will bring together operators and practitioners from a number of research intensive institutions across the globe to discuss their various approaches to integrating high-performance filesystem access with their OpenStack clouds and provide a forum for community Q & A.


* **Blair Bethwaite** *(Blair has worked in distributed computing at Monash University for ten years, OpenStack for the last four. Team lead, architect, admin, user, researcher and occasional hacker - Blair's unique perspective has guided the evolution of the research computing engine central to Monash's 21st Century Microscope.)*

* **None None** *(None)*

* **Edgar Magana** *(Edgar is an emerging leader who has specialized in Cloud Computing, Network Virtualization, Software-defined Networking (SDN), Network Functions Virtualization (NFV), OpenFlow and OpenStack. He has developed excellent software development skills and outstanding customer and business driven experience. Currently, he is core member of the Neutron OpenStack development community. Edgar has strong experience in fully automated Cloud Computing deployments by means of puppet and chef orchestration languages. He has lead OpenStack development, third-party integration and deployment teams for over the last three years. Edgar is the lead architect responsible for driving the Cloud Operations initiatives that maximize the pace of innovation with Development and Operations. He is in charge of provifing architectural oversight for Workday’s Hybrid Cloud including the OpenStack based Private Cloud, bursting to multiple Public Clouds and extensive automation. Through strong collaboration, develop architectures, detailed designs, and in some cases POCs to support Development driven features requiring changes to the infrastructure.Establish tight alignment with Development Architects, representing Cloud Operations in the Technology Architecture Group. Edgar has an extensive experience on Cloud and Grid Computing, Policy-based Management Systems, Monitoring and Scheduling of networking and computational resources on distributed networks. He has been involved in multiple projects such as Cisco Quad, Cisco Enterprise Policy Manager, Access Control Server and Application Performance Assurance.)*

* **Thomas Connor** *(Dr Connor is a Senior Lecturer at Cardiff University. He is a Big Data Biologist whose work sits at the interface of Biology, Computer Science and Mathematics. He has a background in the population genomics and molecular epidemiology of pathogenic bacteria. Currently, his research portfolio encompasses a wide variety of activities including the development new antibiotics, tracking bacterial pathogens using next generation sequencing data, and the development of bioinformatics infrastructures.  With Nick Loman and Simon Thompson (both of Birmingham University, UK) he has led the design and implementation of the cloud infrastructure at the heart of the £8.4M MRC CLIMB project. The system is distributed over four sites (hosted at Cardiff University, Swansea University, the University of Warwick and the University of Birmingham) and is currently running OpenStack Kilo. )*

* **Stig Telfer** *(Stig's career includes research and development in HPC and SDN, and using both technologies in a cloud compute environment, starting with OpenStack Havana. Stig works as a freelance OpenStack HPC consultant with Cambridge University's Research Computing Services group.)*
