Driving Science in the Hybrid Cloud with Ansible
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Running HPC workloads entirely in public clouds presents a challenge because of the high cost of both the CPU/memory resources and the intensive data movement and storage requirements.  OpenStack provides the private cloud component of a hybrid cloud HPC strategy that not only accommodates a wider range of applications than specialized clusters but also reduces costs by running steady state workloads on premise and “bursting” into a public cloud.  Ansible provides the mechanism to create and maintain HPC clusters across clouds. This presentation covers impediments to doing traditional HPC workloads in a hybrid cloud and ways to mitigate them.  We present and demonstrate a set of Ansible playbooks to create a virtual cluster across clouds (OpenStack and AWS), connect them together, then provision storage and scheduler.  Finally, we discuss running analytics, genomics, and computational chemistry workloads in a hybrid cloud environment.


* **Steven Carter** *(Steven Carter is an Architect for Cisco Systems with over 15 years of industry experience working in large universities, government research and development, and the private sector.  He has spent time as a system administrator running some of the largest supercomputers in the world, built out one of the World's first SDN networks for the Department of Energy, and developed code for both network devices and supercomputers in the process.  Steven has a wide range of experience in embedded software development, large system design and build-out, and operations.  He currently works on building solutions for technical- and data-intensive cloud computing based on OpenStack and other software-defined technologies.)*

* **Jason Grimm** *(I am a husband, father and maker of things. I have lived most of my life in downtown Atlanta, but I now reside on an 11-acre sustainable family farm 1 hour north of the city. My background includes 25 years of IT experience, several certifications, various IT scar tissue and 2 technical degrees.  I am currently a Cloud Solutions Architect at Cisco and am pursuing my MIS degree at Georgia Tech. I have been working with OpenStack since the Essex release, have attended or spoken at the last 8 OpenStack summits. I am a veteran technologist with experience ranging from Naval Intelligence, freelance consulting, start-up co-founder, and a decade of professional services with Dell. My focus has been on cloud technology for the last 5 years beginning with Crowbar at Dell in 2011, Fuel at Mirantis, RPC at Rackspace and now Metacloud at Cisco. I am competent with Ruby, Python, Perl, BASH, and Java, but my greatest strengths are as a cross-discipline infrastructure architect designing and deploying complex OpenStack-based solutions and supporting sales, product and operations teams. Jason Grimm http://www.brothergrimm.com)*

* **Josh Lothian** *(Josh Lothian is an engineer at Cisco Systems.  He has over 15 years experience working in academic and high performance computing research facilities as a system administrator and developer.  He has supported the fastest HPC systems in the world, and is now leveraging that experience in an OpenStack devops role.)*
