Openstack and Ceph used in large scale cancer research projects
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

This talk will describe how OICR created the Cancer Genome Collaboratory, a highly-available OpenStack and Ceph environment that can scale up to 3000 cores and 15 PB object storage. The design goals and trade-offs required will be discussed. The Collaboratory currently stores 500 TB of genomic data from the International Cancer Genome Consortium (ICGC) in a triple-replicated object store, and the dataset is expected to grow to 5 PB by 2018.  Software optimized for Ceph storage was developed to authenticate and provide data access to only authorized users.  One project as an early user of the Collaboratory is the PanCancer Analysis of Whole Genomes, one of the world's largest cancer data analysis initiative exploring the whole genomes from over 2800 patients across 20 tumor types. The use case further drove the development of the ICGC Data Portal for searching data (https://dcc.icgc.org/repositories), and the development of Dockstore for sharing workflows as docker containers.


* **George Mihaiescu** *(George is a Senior Cloud Architect in the Informatics and Bio-computing Program at the bio-informatics department of Ontario Institute for Cancer Research (OICR) where he designs, builds and supports a large Openstack/Ceph environment to enable cancer research used by cancer researchers. Having started with Openstack during the Cactus release, he  brings his expertise around cloud design, operations, infrastructure, security and performance tuning in the interest of science. Previously, he was at Q9 Networks,  a major datacenter infrastructure provider in Toronto where he held various technical roles in the span of six years. In the last two years at OICR, his focus was around deploying and supporting a highly available OpenStack private cloud that grew to more than 1000 cores and 3.2 PB of Ceph storage)*
