The Silent Cloud Majority: Making Life Sciences Excel With OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Researchers in the Life Sciences have historically used traditional bare-metal scheduled environments for computationally-intensive work. Increasingly those who maintain infrastructure for such users are provisioning private clouds using OpenStack. Unlike the canonical cloud use-case of a database-backed web service, which can fairly easily adapt to infrastructure as a service and take the best advantage of its strengths, scientists have a large hinterland of code written for a different world. In this presentation we discuss the challenges, both technological and cultural, of running Life Sciences codes on OpenStack clouds and how we overcame them. Topics covered include shared filesystems for instances, the crucial importance of third-party tools to make successful use of a cloud, and how to bridge the impedance mismatch between users' expectations and the reality of using OpenStack. We also consider longer-term questions of directly adapting applications for running on OpenStack.  


* **Adam Huffman** *(My current role is Senior HPC and Cloud Systems Engineer at the Francis Crick Institute. One of my responsibilties is to work as part of the Operations Team running the eMedLab shared private cloud (http://www.emedlab.ac.uk/), which is using OpenStack. I will also operate a private cloud for the Crick in the new Midland Road building, in addition to being part of the team setting up and running HPC resources at the Crick. I am also a Visitor in the High Energy Physics group of the Department of Physics at Imperial College London, continuing my involvement from my previous role there, now that I'm at the Crick. For Imperial, I setup a small private cloud running OpenStack and have been involved in several cloud projects, all using OpenStack, for the CMS experiment. I also worked on OpenStack clouds for GridPP.)*
