Hybrid HPC on OpenStack – Virtualization, bare metal, containers and micro-services
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

In this session we will examine the technology and use cases behind hybrid HPC on OpenStack. We will cover traditional virtualized design as well as requirements / considerations for incorporating hybrid functions, i.e. bare metal, containers and micro-services, for HPC workloads on OpenStack. We will also examine and answer related concerns and questions, such as: What are the performance returns of bare metal vs. virtualization? What are the feature / function losses when deploying on bare metal, e.g. networking, security groups, etc.? What functions are good candidates for micro-services, e.g. temporary PVFS, data transfer nodes, etc.? How do you segregate or associate tenants, instances, flavors, workloads, etc. across multiple platforms behind the same control plane? We will cover technical depth of why / how an organization may choose to leverage multi-platform capabilities for HPC as well as best practice approaches to deploying and maintaining these environments.


* **Jason Grimm** *(I am a husband, father and maker of things. I have lived most of my life in downtown Atlanta, but I now reside on an 11-acre sustainable family farm 1 hour north of the city. My background includes 25 years of IT experience, several certifications, various IT scar tissue and 2 technical degrees.  I am currently a Cloud Solutions Architect at Cisco and am pursuing my MIS degree at Georgia Tech. I have been working with OpenStack since the Essex release, have attended or spoken at the last 8 OpenStack summits. I am a veteran technologist with experience ranging from Naval Intelligence, freelance consulting, start-up co-founder, and a decade of professional services with Dell. My focus has been on cloud technology for the last 5 years beginning with Crowbar at Dell in 2011, Fuel at Mirantis, RPC at Rackspace and now Metacloud at Cisco. I am competent with Ruby, Python, Perl, BASH, and Java, but my greatest strengths are as a cross-discipline infrastructure architect designing and deploying complex OpenStack-based solutions and supporting sales, product and operations teams. Jason Grimm http://www.brothergrimm.com)*

* **Steven Carter** *(Steven Carter is an Architect for Cisco Systems with over 15 years of industry experience working in large universities, government research and development, and the private sector.  He has spent time as a system administrator running some of the largest supercomputers in the world, built out one of the World's first SDN networks for the Department of Energy, and developed code for both network devices and supercomputers in the process.  Steven has a wide range of experience in embedded software development, large system design and build-out, and operations.  He currently works on building solutions for technical- and data-intensive cloud computing based on OpenStack and other software-defined technologies.)*

* **Josh Lothian** *(Josh Lothian is an engineer at Cisco Systems.  He has over 15 years experience working in academic and high performance computing research facilities as a system administrator and developer.  He has supported the fastest HPC systems in the world, and is now leveraging that experience in an OpenStack devops role.)*
