Building Bridges to Fill Gaps between AWS and OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

AWS Lambda is a serverless compute service that runs application code in response to events. Lambda automatically manages the underlying compute resources for you. You can use AWS Lambda to extend other AWS services with custom logic, or create new back-end services that operate at AWS scale, performance, and security. AWS Lambda can automatically run code in response to multiple events, such as modifications to objects in Amazon S3 buckets or table updates in Amazon DynamoDB. There is currently no equivalent project in the OpenStack Big Tent. Iron.io is an enterprise job processing system for building powerful job-based asynchronous software that can deliver the same capabilities and functions as AWS Lambda. Simply put: developers write jobs in any language using familiar tools like Docker, then trigger the code to run using Iron.io’s REST API, webhooks, or the built-in scheduler.


* **Bruce Basil Mathews** *(Bruce has been a Senior Solutions Architect in the computer industry for almost forty years, working at Information International, Inc., Symbolics, Inc. Prime Computers, Inc., Computervision, Sun Microsystems, Hewlett-Packard, and now Mirantis. During his career, Bruce has provided integration services, application development, and large scale deployments for major corporate initiatives at companies such as PayPal, Salesforce.com, Wells Fargo, McKessen, Intel, and Dreamworks, Technicolor, American Express, CitrixOnLine, and Amgen to name a few. Bruce became involved with OpenStack in 2010 as a member of Hewlett-Packard’s Public Cloud team where he successfully on-boarded more than fifty customers, migrating application services from in-house to OpenStack on versions from Diablo+ to Grizzly, living with them through the upgrade process. Bruce was also heavily involved with the initial release of HP’s Helion Openstack based on the Juno release. Bruce has maintained an active role in the OpenStack, Big Data and Open Source communities. He is certified as an Administrator for OpenStack, Cloudera, and MapR.Customer engagements have typically included technical design, build, implementation, customization, integration and ongoing administration of multi-vendor servers, storage, SAN and network elements, hosted on-premises, implemented as a managed service, and/or publically hosted in the cloud.  Successful implementations have generally included multi-vendor Operating Systems (Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, Irix, RedHat, Ubuntu, CentOS, Debian, Fedora, Windows and Mac,) multi-vendor databases (Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, DB2, Sybase, Informix, PostGres, GreenPlum, Vertica, Cache, etc.) and NoSQL offerings such as CouchBase, CouchDB, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc. Applications implemented and supported have included a wide variety of multi-vendor commercial and non-commercial applications such as Microsoft ERP, Data Warehousing and Business Analytics, SAP, Oracle Manufacturing and Financials, PeopleSoft, etc. and Big Data solutions such as Cloudera, MapR, HortonWorks, and the eco-system that supports them based on Six Sigma methodologies. )*

* **Jun Park** *(  Jun is an experienced problem solver focused on overcoming critical business challenges in variety of fields including Cloud computing/storage, high performance computing, distributed systems, wireless networks, Internet protocols, and network security. His greatest skills focus on the strategic leadership of technical teams in the creation of new technologies around future use cases, designing and developing new systems, as well as tuning and optimizing software/hardware components from prototype to mature product. Jun strongly promotes and facilitate teamwork, communication, and mentoring. Jun currently leads Adobe’s strategic OpenStack based private/hybrid Cloud effort from conception and design through deployment. Jun deals with a variety of use cases including CI/CD frameworks, container-orchestration frameworks such as Kubernetes and Mesos via OpenStack Heat/Magnum/Murano. Jun promotes and leverages use of advanced technologies including Software-Defined-Networking (SDN) and Software-Defined-Storage (SDS) towards the Software-Defined-Economy (SDE).)*
