Understanding our OpenStack Application Developers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Over the last six months, the App Ecosystem and OpenStack UX working groups have been conducting user research to identify issues that prevent application developers from adopting OpenStack. The Application Developer Study is a significant research initiative because, at the bottom line, application developers are our customers. Failure to meet these customers’ needs will have an impact on the adoption and growth of OpenStack as reference for cloud application development. The research included a series of interviews with five application developers followed by a survey completed by a larger sample of developers. The aim of the interviews was to generate rich data and help working groups propose initiatives that may impact adoption within the cloud application developer’s community. The intention of the survey was to validate the initiatives with a larger sample of application developers.


* **Marcela Bonell** *(Cloud software engineer working on Open Source projects related to Cloud Computing at Intel. She is collaborating in the Cloud Developer Experience improvement for OpenStack through SDK development, trainings, sample apps, workload reference architectures and documentation.)*

* **Danielle Mundle** *(Danielle Mundle joins the OpenStack community as a User Research Engineer. Her goal is to understand the users, workflows, and requirements of OpenStack to identify opportunities for improvements and novel solutions. As a practicing user experience consultant for the past six years, she has performed expert reviews, user-based testing, card-sorts and other user research and design activities for over 85 studies for academia, industry, healthcare, and government clients. Danielle has professional certification from the Board of Certification in Professional Ergonomics as an Associate Human Factors Professional (AHFP). She is a member of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society (HFES), Usability Experience Professionals Association (UXPA), and the Order of the Engineer. She holds an M.S. in Industrial and Systems Engineering with a concentration in Human Factors Engineering and Ergonomics and a Certificate in Human-Computer Interaction from Virginia Tech, and a B.A. in Psychology.)*
