App Delivery to App Catalog: Deploying Direct to Murano for More Consumable Solutions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Whatever the specifics of a cloud use-case may be, the need for speed is universal. Most private, public and hybrid cloud users want to reduce time-to-value by speeding up Dev/Test and deploying faster to staging and production. Mirantis has introduced a set of technologies called Murano that serves these needs directly. Murano leverages Community App Catalog to accumulate and share expertise, and supports compiling and delivering pre-defined apps, on demand, as building blocks for different use cases. In this session, I'll discuss recent upgrades to Murano and describe how it can be used to package, standardize, and facilitate consumption and application of software development, application lifecycle management, container cluster, I'll show how apps can be built and deployed directly into Murano from standard IDEs and as the end-product of CI/CD toolchains, to further accelerate access to tools.


* **Nicholas Gulrajani** *(Nicholas Gulrajani currently in the role of a Sr Director PaaS solutions at Mirantis has 20+ years of experience in software development of Middleware Applications and implementation of best practices, for software configuration and change management, along with build and CI/CD systems such as SVN, Git, ANT, Maven, Jenkins, and Nexus and Artifactory.   More recently, Nick has worked with customers to streamline their DevOps implementations utilizing cloud-based infrastructure as code, such as Chef/Puppet along with Application Release Automation Solutions.  His key focus area is in providing best practices and implementing scenarios with use cases for managing Agile software development in the cloud with end-to-end traceability from product backlog and builds to deployment.   Currently with Mirantis in the role of Director of Enterprise PaaS solutions.   Previously with CollabNet for 10+ years in the role of Senior Software Solutions Architect, and prior to (10+ years) with IBM Rational as a Sr Developer, Tech Lead and a Product Manager.)*
