Juggling Flaming Swords – Continuously Integrating Environments using OpenStack and Heat Templates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Developing Cloud aware apps can be difficult. Managing the build, test, and deployment environments of cloud-aware apps increases its complexity. As your application uses more services the complexity increases exponentially. At Intel we attacked the problem by leveraging OpenStack and Jenkins (a continuous integration system) to simplify environment management for developers. In this session we will cover the logical and physical architecture of our integration of Jenkins and OpenStack; Demonstrate examples of Heat templates and their uses in the different development environments; expose the pitfalls that we uncovered in automating the management of these environments; and share the best practices of developing in a dynamic cloud environment.


* **Darren Pulsipher** *(Darren Pulsipher is a Enterprise Solution Architect at Intel. He works in the Data Center Group with a focus on spreading Private Cloud to the Enterprise. He is a software engineering professional known for pulling technology and people together. During his career he has been involved in several different industries including medical imaging, telecom, electronic design automation, cloud computing, business consulting and even nutritional supplements.  Darren is a published author with 3 books on technology and technology management and over 50 articles published in several different industry trade magazines.  He is also known for his speaking ability and has spoken at several conferences focusing on highly technical subjects and managing people and technology. As an inventor, Darren has 10 patents in Cloud and Grid computing infrastructures. His technology has been used in companies to decrease product development lifecycle time through build, test and deployment optimization and virtualization.  Darren enjoys working with people and taking on challenging problems. With his analytical abilities and his ability to relate and interact with people, he has been able to help dysfunctional organizations make changes and succeed. He is known for tackling complex and difficult organizational situations, assessing current culture, and helping the organization become more effective. Darren has 10 children and 1 grandchild. They have lived in several different places over the last 25 years but calls Folsom, CA home at the moment. He spends his spare time at the swimming pool, Baseball fields, Basketball court, orchestra concerts watching his children perform and shopping for his granddaughter.)*
