Cloud Native DevOps, why is it different?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Cloud Native DevOps, why is it different? As Enterprises continue to accelerate their adoption of cloud infrastructures, enterprises are looking at different ways to increase the delivery speed of new apps/innovation. We worked with different enterprises, including large banks, and created a specific methodology to help them embrace Cloud Native DevOPS, by organizing a Hackathon with their developers. Hear about the experience of these large enterprises as they are adopting a new platform & methodologies to develop Cloud Native Applications. Learn about the tools and DevOps best practices  (leveraging key tools including Git, Jenkins, testing tools)  used to deploy both traditional applications and  Cloud Native applications.


* **Marc BERNIS** *(Marc Bernis is part of the HPE Software EMEA Strategy & Technology team which provides presales leadership and profound solution, technical, and business value expertise across the complete HP Software portfolio. Marc is expert in architecting software component for cloud computing and DevOps, offering guidance across a wide range of areas including architecture, products, and research and development, as well as cloud implementation in various environments. Marc is an active contributor of HPE Hybrid IT & cloud reference architecture design and the corresponding software components and their integration in HP cloud solutions. Marc has worked with enterprise customers for more than 20 years to define and deliver IT strategies and solutions He has a background that spans numerous vertical industries, having worked with telecoms and financial services, integrators, and large enterprises. Marc is a graduate in Computer science, automation and software engineering from Aix-Marseille University.)*

* **Christian SCHUTZ** *(Christian Schutz work as an EMEA Cloud Pre Sales for HPE Cloud Business unit.I am supporting both PaaS/DevOPS and NFV/Openstack projects with large enterprise (including Tier 1 EMEA telecom operators).Helping key EMEA customers define their cloud strategy and helping them adopt and implement this new style of IT based on Cloud, NFV and PaaS solutions. Work around Public, Private and Hybrid solutions.I work closely with HP field to pursue cloud opportunities across EMEA and assist them to answers to customer RFx, produce solution designs and deliver solution presentations to customers.Representing HP at key industry events (HP Discover, Openstack Summit and Mobile World Congress).)*

* **Mike Bright** *(Mike is a Solution Architect working for Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, in the HPE EMEA OpenNFV Labb. He is based in Grenoble, France. Mike uses and installs OpenStack on a daily basis, platforms to be used to run customer and partners PoCs or onboarding of ISV VNFs, as part of the HPE OpenNFV program. Mike is also a container advocate, forever interested in container and orchestraton technologies. He runs a local Python User Group in Grenoble, France.)*
