Deploying Apps on OpenStack: Things we found while playing around
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

When infrastructure becomes invisible and boring, great applications can shine. Let's talk about what happens when you try apps on OpenStack, putting OpenStack itself behind the scenes. Let's take a journey from OpenStack contributor to OpenStack consumer. With an application developer mindset, deploying applications on OpenStack can be frustrating and error-prone, yet for many use cases and environments it makes the most sense. Let's learn about floating IPs and tenant IDs by trying to deploy a staging environment for a docs site.


* **Anne Gentle** *(Anne Gentle works in open source projects with the OpenStack project at Cisco, using open source techniques for API design, developer support, and documentation. She governs projects by serving as an elected member of the OpenStack Technical Committee for more than 30 projects written in Python across hundreds of git repositories. She advocates for cloud users and administrators by providing accurate technical information to increase OpenStack adoption as a cloud for the world. Prior to working on OpenStack in 2010, Anne worked as a community publishing consultant, providing strategic direction for professional writers who want to produce online content in collaborative ways. Her enthusiasm for community-based documentation methods prompted her to write a book about using social publishing techniques for technical documentation titled Conversation and Community: The Social Web for Documentation. As a supporter of women in technology, Anne coordinated efforts to connect OpenStack to the GNOME Outreach Program for Women, now named Outreachy. She writes about open source and community techniques for web content development at justwriteclick.com. As the mom of two youngsters with an awesome husband, she relishes every opportunity to talk with people who are as fascinated with technology as she is.)*

* **Hart Hoover** *(Hart Hoover is an OpenStack User Advocate at Cisco. Hoover started his career at Rackspace in 2007 as a Linux Systems Administrator, moving to the cloud to help create their Managed Cloud offering in 2009. He has been an advocate for the open source community, contributing to multiple open source projects. He is also the founder of the San Antonio DevOps meetup and loves tacos and coffee. You can follow him on Twitter at @hhoover.)*
