Ops Log Book: Volkswagen’s Group IT Operations Team’s adventurous journey to the land of OpenStack
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Originally, the Group IT Operations team was responsible for managing infrastructure for the Volkswagen Group. The team operates central backend data centers, servers and core services for the Volkswagen Group - following a traditional Enterprise IT approach. Then, in Q3/2015 the Volkswagen Group IT decided to go with OpenStack for their new internal private cloud project. And the Operations team had an additional task and a new challenge: Bring OpenStack into production and run it. This was the day when the Group IT Cloud Operations team’s excellent adventure to the land of OpenStack and cloud began. In this session the team will provide insight into the challenges it faced, the solutions it found, and the day to day issues it experiences with clashes between the classic IT world and the new cloud world.  


* **Gerd Prüßmann** *(Gerd Prüßmann is a technical leader and Director Cloud Solutions at Mirantis Germany. He became an Openstack addict when Openstack Cactus was released. Gerd led developers' teams implementing Openstack and CEPH based production platforms since 2012. He is one of the Forces behind the German "Openstack DACH day" initiative. Gerd has a ~30 years track record in IT, software development and cloud computing. Prior to Mirantis, Gerd led technology creating companies, departments and teams and built up top engineering, operations and DevOps teams. He managed technology projects across various branches such as consumer goods, services sector, media and television, internet business, healthcare, transportation, construction, financial, biotech, industry and logistics.)*

* **Tilman Schulz** *(Tilman Schulz studied Mathematics at RWTH Aachen and University of London and earned a PhD in Mathematics of RWTH Aachen. He joined VOLKSWAGEN AG in 2002, where he was first responsible for a PKI project, after which he joined the Unix Team in 2005. Starting in 2011, he assumed responsibility for server operation. At present, Tilman is heavily involved in a VOLKSWAGEN Group private cloud project.)*
