Performance Analysis and Results for OpenStack Clouds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Workday is running OpenStack in production for over the last six months. During the testing and pre-production time a huge amount of performance tests were executed in order to understand the limits of the cloud based on the architecture and hardware configuration. In this session we will share our numbers and what is even more important how we measure and what we have changed to obtain the best performance possible for our cloud.  If you ever wonder what are the limits of your cloud and how to calculate them, this is a session that will provide benchmark information of a production cloud and how the cloud operations team collected that information and even better what has been done to improve the overall performance and what bottlenecks were found.


* **Edgar Magana** *(Edgar is an emerging leader who has specialized in Cloud Computing, Network Virtualization, Software-defined Networking (SDN), Network Functions Virtualization (NFV), OpenFlow and OpenStack. He has developed excellent software development skills and outstanding customer and business driven experience. Currently, he is core member of the Neutron OpenStack development community. Edgar has strong experience in fully automated Cloud Computing deployments by means of puppet and chef orchestration languages. He has lead OpenStack development, third-party integration and deployment teams for over the last three years. Edgar is the lead architect responsible for driving the Cloud Operations initiatives that maximize the pace of innovation with Development and Operations. He is in charge of provifing architectural oversight for Workday’s Hybrid Cloud including the OpenStack based Private Cloud, bursting to multiple Public Clouds and extensive automation. Through strong collaboration, develop architectures, detailed designs, and in some cases POCs to support Development driven features requiring changes to the infrastructure.Establish tight alignment with Development Architects, representing Cloud Operations in the Technology Architecture Group. Edgar has an extensive experience on Cloud and Grid Computing, Policy-based Management Systems, Monitoring and Scheduling of networking and computational resources on distributed networks. He has been involved in multiple projects such as Cisco Quad, Cisco Enterprise Policy Manager, Access Control Server and Application Performance Assurance.)*
