Deploying OpenStack, Astara and Ceph: from concept to public cloud (and hell in the middle)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

When DreamHost started developing, deploying and selling cloud services in 2011, the team embarked in a life-long learning effort, full of obstacles and with the promise of a wonderful destination. DreamHost ventured in uncharted territory betting on young and promising open source technologies: OpenStack, Ceph and Astara. Observed from the distance, DreamObjects and DreamCompute appear as mature products powered by solid Continuous Integration and Deployment, leveraging Chef, Jenkins, Jenkins Job Builder, and fpm. But looking back at the journey log, DreamHost team has collected lots of stories to tell: there was a time when we had to summon dozens of engineers from 4 companies to debug crashing SSD disks; and another time when our TechOps folks had to defeat snow blizzards. Pioneers’ trips are never easy but their stories are rewarding. Join this session to learn how DreamHost team has architected  OpenStack, Ceph and Astara to power the DreamCloud products.


* **Jonathan LaCour** *(Jonathan has been in the world of software since 1997, when he started writing Medical Records software at an early stage startup with an esoteric programming language called "Python." Jonathan harnessed his passion for user experience in the computer science program at Georgia Tech by taking courses in psychology, cognitive science, and education. Armed with this interdisciplinary experience, Jonathan is keenly aware of how people learn and solve problems. HIs early experience with Python also saw Jonathan nominated and accepted as a Fellow in the Python Software Foundation. In 2007, Jonathan helped found ShootQ, a cloud-based studio management solution for professional photographers, where he served as CTO. In 2010, ShootQ was acquired by Pictage, where Jonathan served as the Vice President of Software Products. Jonathan joined DreamHost in 2011 as Vice President of Software Development, bringing with him his experience and knowledge running engineering and product teams. In 2012, Jonathan became DreamHost's Vice President of Product and Development. In 2014, Jonathan took over the Cloud business unit at DreamHost as the Vice President of Cloud, and now serves as the Vice President of Cloud and Development. During his time at DreamHost, Jonathan has led the development and operation of DreamObjects and DreamCompute, which are publc cloud storage and compute services built on top of OpenStack and Ceph. Jonathan also was involved in the creation of Inktank, which developed the Ceph software defined storage project, and was eventually sold to RedHat. Jonathan also co-founded Akanda, the network services virtualization company behind the OpenStack Astara project. When not hunkered down behind his laptop, Jonathan loves spending time with his beautiful and brilliantly creative wife, Lacey, his daughter Colette, his son William, and their two dogs, Winston and Nelson. Beyond his culinary interests, Jonathan spends Saturday afternoons in the fall rooting for his alma mater and the University of Miami and enjoying his favorite southern creation - bourbon.)*

* **Stefano Maffulli** *(I have built my career around Free Software and open source: from pre-sales engineer and product manager at Italian GNU/Linux distribution MadeInLinux to Italian country director of the Free Software Foundation Europe. Under my watch as community manager at Rackspace and at the OpenStack Foundation, OpenStack became the fastest growing open source project. My daily job as Director of Cloud Marketing and Community at DreamHost keeps me busy growing the community of app developers on the Open Source cloud. In my spare time, I sail small boats in the shark infested, choppy San Francisco Bay.  )*

* **None None** *(None)*
