The nightmare of Ironic Standalone
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Abstract:**

Ironic is the Bare Metal provisioning service of OpenStack project whose role and features will be quickly reminded first. One aspect of Ironic is that it can be used standalone, without the other OpenStack component. So we proposed that approach to one of our customers who had that use case. However, when you want to do that to control UEFI based servers using an ilo-agent, on non yet released platforms, then the nightmare begins ! You first need to understand how all that works, and there is lots of developer docs but much less operation ones. And then you deal with areas much less tested so you have to report bugs, provide patches, contact some key developers in order to make it work. With Bifrost, will we be able to transform our nightmare into a dream for our customer ? Come to this session to know. Simple recorded demos will be displayed in order to illustrate the different aspects covered during the presentation.


* **Bruno Cornec** *(Bruno Cornec is Engineer of the French Ecole Centrale de Lyon. (1987)He has been managing various Unix systems since 1987 and Linux since 1993 (0.99pl14).Bruno first worked 8 years around Software Engineering and Configuration Management Systems (Build systems, Quality tools) in Unix environments.Since 1995, he is Open Source and Linux (OSL) Technology Strategist and Evangelist, initially for an HPE reseller and since 2000 for Hewlett Packard Enterprise directly in the EMEA Customer Innovation Center. Bruno is also HP WW Linux Community Lead, OSL Advocate, Helion MVP and RHCE. Bruno is a contributor in various OSL projects: MondoRescue (2001), Mageia (2003), LinuxCOE (2006), Pause (2007), Tellico (2008), FOSSology (2008), collectl (2009), Ironic (2015), python-redfish (2015). He is also project leader for MondoRescue (GPL disaster recovery solution, 2005), dploy.org (GPL deployment server, 2006), project-builder.org (GPL build service, 2007), UUWL (LGPL/MIT Unix to Unix Wrapper Library, 2011), PUSK (GPL ProLiant USB Setup Key, 2012), python-redfish (2015). He is a member of the Solution Linux/OWF/POSS Conference Board since 2006.He is also a board member of the AFUL and OpenStack-fr associations. As part of his work he has made numerous presentations for Solution Linux in France, Libre Software Meeting, NordU, Linux World UK, Linux Expo Milano, Linux.Conf.au, OSCON, Linux Symposium, Fosdem around various topics (High Availability, Deployment solutions, System management, Disaster Recovery, Package building, Cloud...) Outside computers, Bruno also likes early and baroque music, singing and playing the recorder. He's married and father of 3 kids.)*

* **Gallig Renaud** *(Gallig is a Hewlett Packard Enterprise Technology Strategist)*
